i do n't really have a favorite one . i do n't know much about the planet .
yes they were called cathode ray tube amusement devices
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have video games like the original nintendo used to be ?
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that the ps3 's are being used to play a game called mcgonigal
i think it 's cool that the playstation was able to build a super computer that could beat the ps2 .
i think playstation is a great game . playstation 3s are used to build a supercomputer .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the military or if it was a playstation game ?
i think it 's cool that the playstation is the worlds largest search engine on the net .
i have n't played that game , but i have heard it was a long time ago .
i think the soundtrack of grand theft auto is a great idea .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i have not . i wonder if it was because of the technology that the ps3 's are used to build a supercomputer .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a good point . i think it would be cool to see a manager play in the game .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played baseball ?
i think he was a great player . i wonder if he ever played kickball in canada .
i have not . i do n't know if i 've ever played kickball . i 've never played kickball .
i would have to agree with you . i would have to check it out . i would sell some of the old ones .
i think that would be a great idea . i would have to check it out .
i would have to agree . i would have to check it out . i would love to have a bunch of old baseball cards .
i would have to check it out . i would have to check it out .
i do n't watch much tv , but i do like the simpsons .
i have not seen that one . i wonder if it is on netflix ?
i have not seen that episode . i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i do n't really like that show , i do n't really like the show that 70 's show , i do n't think i 've seen it though
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it , but i do like the simpsons , i think it 's funny that the creators of the simpsons sent flowers to the south park creators
i do n't have cable , but i do n't have cable . i do n't have cable but i do know that homer simpson has had over 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes .
i wonder if homer ever appeared in the first 400 episodes of the simpsons ?
i do n't know . i do know that there is only one episode of the simpsons that bart does not appear in or is mentioned .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that 70 's show was remade in the uk but it was cancelled after 10 episodes .
i have not . i have not seen it . is it good ?
i have not seen that one . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i have not . i have seen a few episodes . i have not seen it but i have seen it .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
yeah i think i have seen that one , i think it was really funny , i think it was george carlin and ringo starr , i think he was the voice of thomas the tank engine
i did not know that . i wonder if they ever caught the episode of treehouse of horror xxi
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever had george carlin or ringo starr ?
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen the show stranger things though , did you ever watch the show the show stranger things ?
i do n't know , i do know that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes .
i do n't play any instruments , but i do like to play the piano .
i do n't listen to it much . i do n't listen to it much .
i do n't know much about it . i do know that the hindenburg was an aluminum piano .
i think it was invented by bartolomeo cristofori around the year 1700
i wonder if it was the same piano that was made out of aluminum ?
i think it would be cool to play the piano . i wonder if it was any good ?
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't like linkin park . they played 324 concerts in one year !
i do n't really like them . i do n't like them . i do n't like them .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i would love to go to a concert in an ancient roman amphitheatre .
i would love to see that concert in croatia .
i do n't know . i would like to go to a concert in an ancient roman amphitheatre .
pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i think pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a very good show .
i think it was in the year 2002 . i wonder if they were able to manage that .
i know right ! i wonder if they ever played in the ramones ?
i know right , that is a lot of concerts , i wonder how many concerts they were able to do that
i know right , that s a lot of concerts , i wonder how many concerts they toured for 20 years
i know right ! i wonder how many concerts they toured for ?
that is a lot of concerts !
you too !
i do n't really have a favorite team but i do like the nfl , i 'm a fan of the 32 teams , what about you ?
i am a fan of the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i 'm a fan of the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i 'm a fan of the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i am a fan of the patriots . i love the patriots .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the players .
i think it is a great method . i think it is a great way to relax and relax with the sport .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i have not read it but i have heard it is a book about the tb12 method .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think it is about the tb12 method .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i think that is a great invention . i think it 's funny that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i think it was for the creation of the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i did . i was a fan of the patriots .
i do . did you know women can play too ?
i like the patriots . i like the patriots .
i think that would be cool . i would like to see a female player in the nfl .
i did not know that . i wonder if it will ever happen .
i think that is a great idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the deaf qb ?
yeah , i think it was because of the deaf qb .
yeah , i think that is so cool . i wonder if they still have a rule like that .
yeah , that is a very strange rule . i wonder if that is the reason why they have to leave if a player enters .
yeah , i think that is a very strange rule .
yeah , i think they are putting tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a player 's moves on the field .
i think they are collecting data like velocity and rotation and such .
i think that 's pretty cool . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i do like the patriots , i think they are the lannisters of the nfl
i love the patriots . i love the patriots .
i like tom brady , he is a great player , he has been in the super bowl 8 times
i do n't know much about him . i do know that the patriots have a team that was scoring 6 points .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that his wife makes more than double what he makes .
you too !
i did n't know that ! i wonder if they are related to birds ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they are related to snakes ?
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they are related to birds ?
i wonder if they are related to snakes ?
i think that is a great idea . there are no snakes in australia that can be venomous .
i did n't know that . i wonder if there are any snakes in australia that fear snakes are venomous snakes .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if there are legless lizards that are not snakes ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have eyelids and external ears ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a good reason to do that .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a fear of snakes .
i wonder if they are scared of snakes ?
i think that is very cool . i wonder if he ever had a bird ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if anyone ever imagined that , i wonder if they are still around
i do , i have a facebook account , i do nt use it much anymore , i do nt use it anymore , you ?
yeah , i think it was a great investment .
i did n't know that . i wonder why he did that .
yeah , he is a great player . did you know that facebook is now worth more than 200 billion dollars ?
i agree , i think facebook is a great invention , i think its great how it can be used to be a great site , you know that facebook is the most valued company in the world , its been great chatting with you as well as well .
i would have to check it out . have a good one !
you too !
i love thor . i love thor .
i love thor ! i love thor !
i am ! i love thor ! i love thor !
i love thor . i love thor . did you know ant man made the movie thor ?
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played thor ?
i think he was a great actor . i think he was the best actor ever .
i think he was perfect for that role . i think he was perfect for the role of loki .
i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor as well , i think he was a great actor
i think i 've seen thor ragnarok before , but i 'm not sure if i 've seen it .
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think the movie was really good , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie as well
i think it was a great movie . i think it was really good .
yeah , i think that was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think the cast is the best actor ever .
yeah , i think that was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think its great that sony did nt like the movie but they had a chance to buy all the characters for only $ 25 million
i think that was a great idea . i think it 's funny that marvel created a superhero called blue ear , a deaf superhero .
i think that was a great idea . i think it was a very smart move .
i think that was a great idea . i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great movie .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if he is in the movie too ?
i think i heard that before , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really good , i like the cast of thor ragnarok
yeah , i think it was a great movie . i think it was good .
i am , i love music . i love listening to jazz .
i like jazz . i like jazz . i like jazz .
i like the band , i like the band , i like the band , what about you ?
i think ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the u.s . has a private home in vegas .
i did not know that . i wonder if they are in the library of congress ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever danced ballet in high school ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good dancer .
i think he was a great dancer . he was a great dancer .
i agree . i think it 's funny that bruce lee was a great dancer and won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958 .
i agree . i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i think he was a great dancer . he had a great sense of rhythm .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any good dance performances like the ballet dancers in the theater ?
i wonder if he ever had a dance contest like bruce lee who was a dancer ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played the piano .
i think he 's a great jazz fan . i think he 's a great jazz fan . i think he 's a great jazz fan .
i think he was a great leader . i think he had a unique voice .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the dodo bird is extinct ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a lot of eggs .
i do n't really watch basketball . i do n't really watch it . i do like basketball though .
i do n't really watch basketball . i do n't really like basketball . i do n't really like basketball though .
i think i 've heard of him before . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen him play though .
i think it was because of kareem abdul jabbar .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a good move .
i think it 's crazy that the dunk got banned from college basketball for over a decade .
i think it is a very useful sport . i think it is funny that the dunk got banned from college basketball for over a decade .
i wonder if they ever play on the highest court in the land , they have a basketball court on the top floor
i would love to see the supreme court building . they have a basketball court on the top floor of the building .
i wonder if they ever play there . i wonder if they have a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building .
i do n't know . i do know that the inventor of basketball was a coach at the university of kansas .
i have not . i have heard of it . i wonder if it 's on the top floor of the supreme court building .
i have not . i think he was the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas .
i think he is a great actor , he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor , he is a great actor
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got into acting ?
i think he was a great teacher . he was a great teacher .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
yeah . do you like jim carrey ?
i think i have read that before . i think it was a great show .
you too !
i do ! i love watching tv . i love watching tv .
i do n't watch much tv . i do n't watch much tv . i do watch a lot of tv .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he ever played golf ?
i do n't know if i could play golf , but i do like samuel l jackson . he has a clause in his film contracts that allows him to play golf twice a week during production .
i do n't really like golf , but i do like golf . i 've been to vegas and i 've been to vegas and i 've been there before , i 've been to vegas and i 've been there once in awhile .
i know right , that is a lot of water ! i wonder how much water golf courses use in the usa
that is a lot of water ! i wonder how much water golf courses in america take up golf courses in america ?
i agree . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i do n't know if i have ever heard any of them . i do know that dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 .
i think that is a great idea , i think it is a great album , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i think they are great bands
i have not . i have n't heard of it . i do know that dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 .
i love pink floyd . i think it 's cool that nwa 's straight outta compton album was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
i think it was the best selling album of the 21st century .
i do like the 70 's show , it was a great show . i like the 70 's show , it was really good .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've seen the episode of the simpsons where bart does n't appear or is mentioned .
i do n't know , i do n't know why it was canceled after 10 episodes
i think it 's pretty good . i think it 's funny that nwa 's straight outta compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i love the office . i love the simpsons .
i think it 's funny that two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992 .
i do n't have any favorites . i do n't have the time to read . i do n't have the time to read .
i do . do you ?
i do . i love watching the nfl .
i do n't know much about football . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think that is funny , i wonder if it works or if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team
yeah i guess it was a more popular sport back in the 60s
yeah i guess it was a more popular sport back then
yeah , i think that is true . i think it is funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
yeah , i guess that makes sense . espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i think that is a great invention . i wonder if it was a game that was 222 - 0
yeah that is true . did you know espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line that shows first downs on tv ?
yeah it was 222 - 0 , that is a crazy score , i wonder if it was a game back in 1916
i think it was 222 - 0 georgia tech vs cumberland , that is a crazy score
yeah i bet it was a lot more than that now . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
yeah , i think that was back in 1916 .
yeah , i think they are getting used to track the velocity and rotation and such .
i did hear about that , i wonder if they are able to track the stats like velocity and rotation and such
i think that is a great idea . i think they should use that data to track velocity and rotation and such .
yeah , i think that would be a good idea .
same here , have a good one
i 'm doing well . do you follow congress ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if elmo ever testified before congress ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if she was the first non human to do that .
yeah i think that is the only non human to do so , i wonder if that is the case
yeah , i wonder if she ever got any ideas from congress .
yeah , i wonder if she is any good at it .
yeah i think that is a good point . did you know republicans and democrats play a baseball game every year ?
i wonder if they are any good ? a man in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower not once but twice !
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was able to sell the land in nevada .
i wonder if they have any of the land in nevada that is owned by the us government ?
i wonder if they have any good lakes there .
i think that is a great idea , i think the norwegian government donated $ 1 billion to help save the amazon rainforest
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in 2006 the us passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva conventions .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks .
i did n't know that . i wonder why they did that .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i do n't know , i do know jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents
i 'm not sure . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest .
i wonder if he is on that list ?
i do n't really follow sports much . i do n't really follow sports much .
i 'm a fan of the patriots , i 'm a fan of the patriots , what about you ?
i think the rams are doing well this year . i think they are doing well this year .
i think the rams are doing well this season , they are a great team , i think they are a great team , they are a great team , i think they are a great team
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he 's the only one .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a smart qb .
i think he was a smart qb , he got his ba in 2 years
i think he was a deaf qb . he was a deaf qb so the other team could n't read his hand signals .
he was a smart guy . he got his bachelor 's degree in only 2 years .
he was a smart man . he got his bachelor 's degree in only 2 years .
i think he was a great qb , he got his ba in 2 years , that is impressive
yeah , i think he was a great halo 3 player .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great halo 3 player
i think that is a great point . i think it 's funny that in the 60 's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i think that is true , i think it is crazy that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line that tells you where you are watching football on tv
i think that is a great invention , i think it is a great invention , i think it has changed the game forever
i think it is a great invention , i think it is a great invention , i think it deserved an award for the creation of the yellow line
i think that was back in 1916 . georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0 .
i know right ! i wonder if cumberland was still there ?
i think that was back in 1916 . georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0 .
i think that was back in 1916 . i think it was a long time ago .
yes , i love it . did you know that harry lloyd is the great great grandson of charles dickens ?
i have not , is it good ?
wow that is a lot . talisa is also a granddaughter of charlie chaplin
yeah that is pretty cool . do you know who charlie chaplin is ?
yeah . do you know why the arya is the fastest rising baby name ?
yeah . do you know why arya is the fastest rising baby name ?
yeah . do you know why the financed financed financed financed financed financed by ireland ?
yes that is because it is financed by ireland
yeah . do you like game of thrones ?
yeah . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
yes that was mcdonald 's back in 1975
yes it was mcdonald 's back in 1975
yeah . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
yes that was mcdonald 's back in 1975
yeah . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
yes because old cars used to have wooden trunks
yeah . do you know how cadillac got its name ?
yes after the founder of detroit , de la mothe cadillac
yeah . do you know why it is illegal ?
same here , have a good one
i love the band , i love the band , i love the band , i love the band , what about you ?
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i 've seen some of his songs . i 've seen some of his songs .
i did not know that . i think it 's funny that she was born in 1986 .
i think that she has a great voice . she has a great voice . she has a great voice .
i did not know that . i wonder if she has any good songs .
i think she has a great voice . she has a great voice . she has a great voice .
she is a great singer . she has a great voice . she has a great voice .
i think she has a great voice . she has a great voice . she has a great voice .
i love linkin park . i 've been to a few concerts , but i never saw linkin park .
i have not been to any concerts in a while . i have been to a few concerts , but i have n't seen them in a while .
i do like concerts . i have been to a few concerts in the past .
i think i 've seen a few of those shows . i 've been to a few concerts , but i 've never seen them live .
i think that is a great show . i would love to see a concert there .
i would love to go to a concert in an ancient roman amphitheatre .
i think it would be cool to attend a concert in a roman amphitheater .
i know right ! i wonder if they ever played in the ramones ?
i 'm not sure . pink floyd recorded a live concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i 'm sure it was . pink floyd recorded a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was in the roman amphitheater in croatia .
i 'm sure it was . i wonder if it was the same band creed ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a good thing or not .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a separate subway lines ?
yeah they are pretty cool . did you know congressman have 3 subway lines for congressmen ?
yeah . do you know who the three wealthiest presidents are ?
yes they have fantasy congress and they are also the only ones that have the best legislative success
yeah i think that is pretty cool . do you know what the highest score in the us congress is ?
yeah i think that is pretty cool . did you know the president of indonesia is a pop star ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he is any good .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that until 1805 the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the president of zimbabwe was called president banana ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a president or a banana ?
i wonder if he was a president or a banana ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it would have been a disaster today .
i think it is because of the fact that the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a good thing or not .
i wonder if he ever tried to sell the eiffel tower ?
yeah , i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i wonder if he was rich enough to be president banana ?
you too !
bye
i do like horror movies . what about you ?
i did nt know that , i wonder why they did nt do it in the uk
i did nt know that , i wonder why he did nt do it lol
i like that show , i think it was really good , i like that 70 's show , it was really good .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the british version of the 70 's show was canceled after only 10 episodes .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they ever had a new one .
i 've never seen it . i 've seen a few episodes . i 've seen a few of the deals that are never enacted .
i used to love that show . i also like the simpsons .
i have not . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i know homer simpson has had over 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes .
i did not know that . i wonder why he did that .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the episode of snl ?
i think that is so cool . i wonder if they ever had a video of that episode .
i think that is a great episode . i think it 's funny that daniel radcliffe voiced the cartoon parody of twilight 's edward cullen on the simpsons episode treehouse of horror xxi .
i think it 's funny that it 's legal to equip your car with flame throwers in south africa .
i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i think it 's crazy that the trunk of a car is called that because older cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it 's because they used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it was because soldiers were n't allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a reason for that .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they were allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues ?
i have not . i have n't heard of her . i have n't heard of her .
i have not . i have heard of her . i have n't heard of her .
i think she is a great performer . i think she is a great performer .
i think she is a great actress . she is a very talented actress .
i have not . i have n't seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i do n't know if i have ever seen it . i do know that netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth .
i 'm sure they do ! i 'm sure they do n't have to worry about the amount of bandwidth they use in north america !
i know right ! i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
i know right , i think it was a great service , i wonder if they still have it in the mail
i agree ! i love that show ! i love that show ! i love that show !
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen it , but i do know that it beat out friends and seinfeld for a golden globe back in 97 .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a good show .
i think it 's funny that the green lantern film was originally going to be a comedy starring jack black .
i do n't think so . i think it 's funny that kubrick did the spartacus movie spartacus and did it himself .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think it 's interesting that no woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm not sure if it 's true , but i do know that no woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the chinese cinema has not been nominated for academy awards yet .
i think it 's a shame that the technology that has been around for so long .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing that no woman has ever been nominated for best cinematography oscar .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever won an oscar for that ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was nominated for an academy award for best cinematography ?
you too !
you too !
i have not . i do n't know much about him . i know he was a player on the team in the 80s .
i do n't know , but i do know that he was a great player .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a good player .
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's because of the water weight loss of weight and suffering from water .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the ice and fire capabilities ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because there are so many types of hockey .
i think it is the most popular sport in the world .
i think it 's funny that a hockey player was traded for $ 1 in 1993 .
i think he was a great player .
yeah , i think that was a great deal . i wonder if he was still alive when he got to play .
i think i 've seen all of them , but i 'm not sure if i 've seen any of them . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a lot of data in the air .
i 'm not sure . i do know that when south park aired its family guy episode the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever had a crossover crossover crossover crossover or if they were on the simpsons ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was because of the episode of south park ?
i think it 's funny that there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart neither appears nor is mentioned .
i have not seen that one . i wonder if it is still on purpose .
i did n't know that . i wonder why that is ?
i know , right ? i wonder how much computing power the iphone has ?
that is crazy , i wonder how much computing power the iphone has , i wonder if it is still bigger than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't know if i could beat any man .
i did not know that . i wonder if they were invented by polo players ?
yeah it was rene lacoste who was the crocodile
yeah . did you know a black man won the first us open in 1968 ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a black man ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they had a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the 1969 us open .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the longest match in history ?
i think i heard about that before , i wonder how long it lasted .
i think it 's crazy that serena williams was ranked number 1 in the world .
i do n't know . i do know that serena williams was ranked number 1 in the world .
i do n't know . she speaks fluent french and italian .
she is a co - owner of the miami dolphins
she is a co - owner of the miami dolphins .
i think she is a great player . i think she is a great player .
i do n't know who he is . i do know that he dropped out of high school to pursue comedy .
i do n't know . i do know that demetri martin left harvard law school to pursue a career in comedy .
i have not . i do know that he thinks kung fu hustle is " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy " .
i have not heard of him . i do know he left harvard law school to pursue comedy .
yeah he dropped out of high school to pursue comedy
i think he was in the right direction . he was a great comedian .
yes , i have . i think it 's interesting that the trunk of a car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
yeah , i think it was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
yeah , i think it was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i did n't know that . i wonder if cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
yeah , i wonder if they have flamethrowers on their cars ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is legal in south africa ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's legal in south africa to equip flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if mcdonalds 's drive thru was invented in 1975
i think mcdonalds invented the drive thru in 1975 .
yeah , i think that was the reason why they did that .
yeah , i think that was the reason why the trunk of the car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
yeah , i think ford invented the car in 1886
yeah , i think ford was the first car to mass produce the car .
yeah , i think ford invented the car .
i think it 's crazy that there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face off at the same time .
i know right , i wonder how many people play it , do you know who jann mardenborough is ?
i agree , i think it would be a great experience for a soccer game , i think its a great sport , do you like it ?
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite team .
i think it 's crazy that soccer makes more money than football , basketball , baseball , golf , tennis , and hockey combined .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football .
i think it 's because it 's slang for association football .
i do watch tv . i do n't have cable but i do watch it .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite team though .
i do n't have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite .
i think that would be cool . i would love to see a woman play in the nfl .
i love the bears !
i think it 's crazy that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think they are also doing the same thing .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't like the patriots though . i think he 's a great player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he played for the rams ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he has any skills ?
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i agree . i think it 's a very violent sport . i think it 's interesting that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's because they are the core of the game . i think it 's a good thing they do n't have to worry about injuries .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the quarterback touches the ball on almost every offensive play .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think they should . i think it would be a good idea .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
yes they had it for 165 years
yeah . do you know who cracked the 165 year old gavel for 165 years ?
yeah . did you hear of that rule for the us senate ?
yeah . did you hear of that candy desk in the senate ?
yes they have candy for the senate
yeah . did you hear of that candy desk in the senate ?
yeah . did you know women were not allowed to wear pants in the senate until 1993 ?
yes and that was back in 1993
yeah . do you know who the republican party is ?
yes that was back in the year 1853
yeah . do you know when both parties started using the red and blue colors ?
yeah . do you know when both parties started using the red and blue colors ?
yes that was back in 1928
yeah . do you know when both parties started using the red and blue colors ?
yeah . do you know when truman visited disneyland ?
yeah . do you like the simpsons ?
yeah he did not want to be associated with republicans in any way
yeah . do you know why the republican party is called gop ?
same here , have a good one
same here , have a good one
i do n't really like soccer . i do n't have much time to watch . i do n't really like soccer though .
i have not . i have heard of it . i have n't read it .
i have not but i have heard of it . i think it 's a great book .
i think he is a great player , he has a book called the tb12 method , i think it is a great book
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he has a lot of money
i think he is a great player , he has a book called the tb12 method , i think it is a great book
i think he is a great player , he has a book called the tb12 method , i think it is a great book
i have not . what is it about ?
i have not , but i have heard of it . i have n't seen it .
i do n't use facebook , but i do n't use it much anymore .
i have not but i hear he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he has a book called the tb12 method
i do n't really follow football much . i do n't know much about football . i do know that in the 60 's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much money football players make now , i know there is only 11 mins of actual live gameplay in an average nfl game .
yeah , i guess football is a lot more popular now .
i agree . i think it 's ridiculous that new orleans cheerleaders ca n't eat in the same restaurant as any nfl player .
i think that is a very silly rule . i wonder if they have any women that have ever been allowed to play in the nfl .
i think that is a very sexist rule . i think it 's sexist that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be a great idea , i would be afraid to be honest
i think i have heard that before , i think it would be really cool if i had to do that .
i do n't really follow politics much . i do n't really follow politics much . i do know that 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government .
i think he is a great example of what he is doing .
i think he is , i think he is the richest president in history
i think he is , he is the wealthiest president in the us history
yeah , i think he is , i wonder if he is on that list ?
yeah , i wonder if he is rich or not , he is the wealthiest president in the world
i wonder if he is rich , he is the wealthiest president in the world
i think he is , he is the wealthiest president in the us , i wonder if he is rich
i think he was , he was a great con man , he must have been really good at it ,
i wonder if he was any good at it , i wonder if he was the president of indonesia , maybe he was a guest at the white house
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was able to sell the eiffel tower twice by impersonating a government official .
i would have loved to see that episode , i wonder if he was able to sell the eiffel tower twice
i think he was a great leader , i think he was a great performer , he was a great performer , i think he was a great con artist
i think wikileaks is a great example of the plan to destroy wikileaks .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a good relationship with the government , they can sell the eiffel tower twice
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have any ideas about the government .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
yeah i think that is a great idea , i wonder if he was a conservationist or if he was a conservationist
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that dogs can be trained to bark like dogs .
i agree . i think it 's funny that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i have not . i have a dog . i have a dog and i have a dog . i have a dog and a dog .
i have n't seen it either . i think it 's interesting that google prefers dogs to cats .
i think google is a dog company , they are a dog company , they are a dog company , they are a dog company
i think google is a dog company , they are a dog company , they are a dog company , they are a dog company
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's cool that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i think dogs are very smart , they can instinctively understand pointing .
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house ?
i 'm sure he 's not on that list . i wonder if he 's on the list of the wealthiest presidents in us history .
i 'm sure he 's upset about inflation . i wonder if he 's on the list of the wealthiest presidents in history ?
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a very wealthy man .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if trump is in the list of the richest presidents ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i 'm sure he 's a very good president . i wonder if he 's ever been called president banana ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's interesting that the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i would love to visit the white house . i wonder if trump is in the guest house as well ?
i have not . i wonder if it is any good ?
you too !
i do n't really follow politics , but i do n't really follow politics .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana .
i wonder if he was any good ?
i wonder if he was rich or something .
i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest .
i wonder if trump is in the top three wealthiest presidents ?
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the president of zimbabwe ever stayed in the guest house .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think he has a phd in astrophysics .
i wonder if he is any good ?
i would be curious to know . i wonder if he has any good pop albums .
i wonder if he is any good at that .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . did you know that every president with a beard has been a republican ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000 .
you too ! have a good one !
i agree . i think it 's funny that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i do n't really know much about it . i do know a guy in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower not once but twice .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is funny that 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government .
i think that s a great idea , wikileaks is a great example of the government , wikileaks published the government 's plan to destroy wikileaks
i have not . i wonder if it is on the list of secret land in nevada .
i think wikileaks is a great example of the plan to destroy wikileaks .
that is pretty ironic , i wonder if they have any documents that show how much the government owns
that is a good point , i wonder if they have any documents that show how much it is worth
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they have a lot of secret bases , i wonder if they have any of them
i wonder if that is the same as the us government owns 86 % of the land in nevada
i wonder if that is the same as the us government owns 86 % of the land in nevada
i have not . i wonder if he bought it .
i think i have read about that , i wonder if he was able to sell the eiffel tower twice by impersonating a government official
i think he was a great man , i think he was a great con artist , i think he was a great con artist , i think he was a great con artist , i think he was a great con artist , i think he should do that
i did hear about that , i think it was in 2008 , i think it was in 2008
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was upset about the us .
i think that is very cool . i think it 's nice that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
yeah i think that is a good point . do you like the norwegian government ?
i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i do n't like to travel . i do n't have much time to travel . i do n't know if i could afford it .
i love traveling . i love to travel . i love to travel .
i have not been but i have been to japan and i have been there . have a good day !
i have not . what is it about ?
i have not . i have heard that dogs can be trained to bark like dogs .
i have not . i have heard of the office . i have not heard of it .
yeah , i think it was a great idea . i think it was the soldiers who could n't leave their cars in their fatigues .
i agree . i think it 's illegal to warm up your car in ohio .
i think that the trunk of the car is called that because it was easier to ride on a horse .
i think it 's crazy that a man in new york bought a property and found a barn full of classic cars in new york
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if the trunk of the car got its name because older cars had wooden trunks on the back .
i agree , i think that would be a great idea , i would nt mind driving a car , i would nt be able to do that , i would nt mind it , i would nt mind driving in the car ,
i agree , i would n't want to live in south africa where it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i think it 's a great idea , i wonder if the car will be around for the next hundred years , i wonder if the arrow next to the pump symbol on the car is on the pump symbol
i have not . i have been to south africa and have a flame thrower on my car .
i do n't know the name of the band , but i do know that led zeppelin did n't title their fourth album in order to confuse the press .
i think it 's cool that spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack .
that 's pretty cool . i wonder if he ever played the godzilla soundtrack ?
i think it 's funny that two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992 .
i 'm not sure . i do know that she wrote a song for the song " dangerous woman " by alicia keys .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that phil collins recorded the english version of the tarzan soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that phil collins recorded the english version of the tarzan soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the movie is in the movie itself .
i do , i love daniel day lewis , he is the only actor to win best actor 3 times
i do . did you know daniel day lewis is the only actor to win best actor 3 times ?
yeah , i think it 's pretty cool that daniel day lewis is the only actor to win best actor 3 times in 2013
yeah , eminem has more oscars than leonardo decaprio , johnny depp , will smith , and george lucas combined .
i 'm not sure . i do know that eminem has more oscars than leonardo decaprio , johnny depp , will smith , george lucas , and bill murray combined .
yeah , i wonder if he has any good acting skills .
i 'm not sure . i do know that blazing saddles was nominated for an academy award for best picture .
i have n't seen it either . i do know that daniel day lewis has been nominated for more oscars than any other actor .
i 'm sure it was . i wonder if it was because of the fact that mcdonald 's added drive - thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i think that is a great movie , i think it is a great movie , i love the movie blazing saddles , it was great chatting with you !
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the old days of the car .
i think it was because the old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it was because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a race car driver or something .
i think it was the ford model t , it was the first car to be mass produced by ford
yeah , i think it was back in 1975 .
i think it was because soldiers were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
yeah , i think it was back in the day .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have a car . i do know that it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have a cadillac , i think it 's cool that the car brand cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not seen it but i have heard it is the richest superhero
i think he is the richest superhero , but i think he is the richest superhero .
yeah , i think it was the best movie ever .
yeah , i think that was the best movie ever .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was based on the movie .
i think it 's interesting that the symbols and script in black panther are based on an actual script called nsibdi .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any of the marvel comics in the us ?
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it . i did n't know that dc comics stands for detective comics .
i do like marvel . i like marvel comics . i like marvel comics .
i do n't know much about comics . i do know that marvel published a generic comic book .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any good stories like the michigan state university library library library where they have the largest public comic book collection in the world .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any comic books in the us ?
i think it 's funny that the marvel comics was named after the dc comics group .
i think that was a great movie . i think it 's funny that there is a superhero called normalman who is the only person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes .
i have not . i have n't heard of him .
i have not . i have n't heard of him . i wonder if he 's any good ?
i 'm not sure . i know they published a generic comic book .
i think that was a great idea . i think he was a great guy .
i do like rap . i like some of it . i like melody and harmony .
i like some of tupac 's music . i like some of his music .
i like some of tupac 's music . i like some of his music .
i think he 's a great rapper . he 's a great rapper .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he has a great voice .
i think that is a great way to get the ruling . i think rap is a very useful form of rap .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle rap called " compliment battle " .
i would love to hear that . i wonder if he ever rapped about that .
i 'm not sure . i do know that eminem wanted to be a comic book artist .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i would like him . i do know that he 's the only person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes .
i think he was a great guy . i think he was a great comic book artist .
i think that would be a great idea . i would like to check out the series that goes on in the future .
i think he was a great performer . i think he was a great performer .
i do n't know . i do know that there was a comic series about fixing collateral damage caused by superheroes .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a fan of the garfield spinoff .
i think i 've heard about that before . i wonder if they have a pet force ?
haha ya i agree , i think it 's funny that there was a comic series about fixing collateral damage caused by superheroes
i think i have read that before . i think it 's funny that there are over 300 registered superheroes in the us .
i think he was a great guy . i think he was a great guy .
you too !
you too !
i do not . i do not follow politics much .
i do n't know much about him . i know he is the wealthiest three in american history .
yeah i guess they were jfk , washington and jefferson
i think he is , i wonder if he is on that list ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i wonder if the guest house is larger than the white house
yeah , i wonder if he was rich or something .
yeah , i wonder if he was a president or a banana ?
i wonder if he was a president or a banana ?
i wonder if he was a president banana ?
i think he is a great president .
i think he has a lot of free time , he has released 3 pop albums while in office
i have not . i have heard of him .
i think he has a lot of free time , he has released 3 pop albums while in office
i would love to see that ! queen 's guitarist has a phd in astrophysics .
i do n't know , but he also uses coins as guitar picks !
i think he is a great guitarist . he also has a phd in astrophysics .
i think he was a great guitarist . he also had a phd in astrophysics .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he had a great sound , he was a great player , he had a great guitar , i wonder if he ever played it
i think he was a great player , he had a great sound , he had a great sound , he had a great sound
i do n't know much about him . i know he is the wealthiest three in american history .
i do n't really know much about him , but i do know that he was accused of corruption and corruption and waste his time .
i think he is , i think he is the wealthiest president in history
i think he was the president of the us , he was a great president , he was a great president and a great president so he can be a hero
yeah i think that is a good point . i wonder if he is any good at pop albums ?
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
wow that is pretty cool . elmo is the only non human to testify before congress
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever testified before congress ?
yeah , i wonder if they have fantasy congress league like the fantasy congress league .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have fantasy congress like the fantasy congress ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have fantasy congress league like the fantasy congress league where people draft members of congress and points are based off legislative success
yeah i think that is pretty cool . did you know congressman have 3 subway lines for congressmen ?
yeah i wonder if they have a separate subway lines for them
yes and they are not allowed to wear a private home
i did not know that . i wonder if he was able to do that .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got a tax deal from the us .
i did n't know that . i wonder if the government owns the 86 % of the land in nevada ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the government is trying to keep the secret to the people .
i did n't know that . i wonder if the us gov't bought the 86 % of the land in nevada that 's owned by the us government
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the president 's guest house is larger than the white house
i wonder if the president 's guest house is larger than the white house
i have not . i have not heard of it .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that astronauts can vote from space .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen it . i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i agree . i think it 's funny that in india they set up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter .
i think that is a very interesting fact .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the citizens of austin voted to rename their garbage dump after fred durst .
i think that is a very silly thing . i wonder if they are still around .
i think that is a very silly law . i wonder if that is due to felonies ?
i think that is a good law . in 2012 , 40 % of the black population in alabama has lost the right to vote .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that in 1918 not all men were able to vote until 1918 .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a different sense of humor in the uk .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that 34 % of the black male population in alabama has permanently lost the right to vote .
i think canada is a great country . i think it 's interesting that canada has a lot of different rules .
i think that the astronauts have stronger internet than we do .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's interesting that astronauts can vote from space .
i think that is a good idea . i think we should be able to do that .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that in 1918 not all men were allowed to vote until 1918 .
i agree . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that 34 % of black men in alabama has permanently lost the right to vote .
i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great idea , i m a great chat with you as well , have a great day friend .
i agree . i think he 's a very talented man .
i think he was accused of sexual assault by his father .
yeah , i think it was back in 1961 .
yeah , i think that is a great thing to do . i think it 's funny that the oscars were nominated for 9 emmys back in 2013 .
i think he is a great actor , he has won 3 oscars , he is the only actor to win best actor 3 times
yeah , i think he was a great actor .
i agree , he was a great actor , i think he was the best actor ever , i think he was a great actor as well , i think he has a lot of influence
i think it 's funny that daniel day lewis is the only actor to win best actor 3 times in his career .
i think it 's funny that the oscars were nominated for 9 emmys back in 2013
yeah , i think it 's pretty cool that the oscars were nominated for academy awards .
yeah , i wonder if eminem has any oscars as a comedian , or if he has won more oscars than leonardo decaprio , johnny depp , will smith , george lucas , and bill murray combined .
yeah , i think eminem has more oscars than leonardo decaprio , johnny depp , will smith , and george lucas combined .
i think he has a great voice , i think he has a great voice , do you like the car brand of car racing ?
i think it 's funny that the trunk of a car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
yeah , i think it was the ford model t , but i think it was the first car available to the masses .
i think it was because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it 's because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it is a french explorer . i wonder if cadillac is the same person who founded detroit .
i 'm sure it does , i wonder if cadillac is still around , i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the us government
i do , i love netflix , what about you ?
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i 'm sure they regret that decision . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million
i did n't know that . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million
i did not know that . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
i think that was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i know right , i bet blockbuster regrets not buying netflix back in the day
i know right ! i think it 's crazy that netflix has so much computing power in the us .
i do n't know , i do know that netflix accounts for 33 % of all bandwidth in north america .
i do n't know , i do know that microsoft had a funeral for the iphone when they launched their first iphone iphone .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a video game ?
i 'm sure they are . i wonder if they have an iphone ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a good reason for that .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever had an iphone ?
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea . i wonder if it was a video game ?
i do n't know , i do n't know if i would have ever seen it , i do n't know if i could do it though .
i do n't know , i do know microsoft had a funeral for the iphone when they launched their own version of the game
i 'm not sure . i do know microsoft once had a funeral for the iphone when they launched their first iphone .
i 'm sure it was a lot more than apple had .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is a comedian and a comedian .
i think he is a great actor . he is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i do n't know , i do know that netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i do n't know much about youtube . i do know that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i do n't know if i have ever heard of it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think it 's interesting that youtube is the second largest search engine on the net .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the first youtube video was called " the 4th album " .
i 'm sure it was . i wonder if it was a video or something ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the company was founded in 1994 .
i think that is a great idea . police have their own version of youtube called bluetube .
i do . i love the old stuff .
i do n't have one . i do n't have a problem with it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't have a cat , but i do like cats .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know if i 've seen it . i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i have n't seen it but i have seen some of the movies . i 've seen a few of the movies that i 've seen .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think he was a great actor , he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , he had a great career in the movie
i did not know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i do n't know if i have ever listened to a radio drama . i do n't know if i could find it .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a good thing the redskins have a bad reputation .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea .
yeah , i think he 's a great player .
yeah , i think that is a good point .
i think the nfl should have a rule against the saints .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think that would be a great idea , i would be interested in being a woman , i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl
i think that would be a great idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be a good idea , i think it would be a good idea to be honest
i think it would be cool to see a female player in the nfl .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team
i think it is a calming color . i think it is funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the other teams have ever been affected by that .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that tom brady was a back up qb in high school .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's crazy that the nfl has tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and inside footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed , and location .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
yeah , i think that is true . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great game .
i think it was a great game . i was a big fan of the patriots .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great game .
i think it would be a great idea . i would like to go to a game and play it .
i agree . i think it would be a great experience for the game .
yeah , i think he is a great player . he was a great halo 3 player .
yeah , i think he was a great halo 3 player .
i think he was a great halo 3 player . he was a great halo 3 player .
i think he was a great halo 3 player . he was a great halo 3 player .
i think he was a great halo 3 player . he was a great halo 3 player .
you too !
yes , i agree . have a good one !
yes , i agree . i wonder if there is a disadvantage in the left handed qb .
i do ! i love watching house !
i do like drama . i like the drama genre .
i do like the show house , i think it is a great show , i like the show house , i like the show house , what about you ?
i agree . i think it 's crazy that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i agree . i think it 's funny that jim carrey does n't make dramas anymore because of his beliefs .
i agree . i think it 's funny that jim carrey does n't make dramas anymore because of his beliefs .
i agree . i think he is a great actor .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he was a great actor . he was the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a great teacher .
i 'm sure he was . i wonder if he ever listened to a radio drama ?
i have not . i have not . what is it ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is still around ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is still around ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is still around .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that we can regrow ribs in 2 - 3 months .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that we lost our body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago .
i think that s a good thing , we lost our body hair only 240,000 years ago
i think i have read that before , i wonder if it was because of the fact that we lost our body hair only 240,000 years ago
i love traveling . i love traveling . i love traveling . i love traveling .
i love traveling . i love traveling .
i love traveling ! i love traveling ! i love traveling ! i love traveling !
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i would love to visit mackinac island , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i would love to visit mackinac island .
i would love to travel to iceland , i would love to visit iceland , they have no public rail service and most icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns .
i would love to travel around the world ! i would love to travel around the world like king kalakaua of hawaii !
i 'm sure it was a lot more than the other two . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that humans lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago .
i wonder if it will ever happen to the human body .
i wonder if that is true , i wonder if it 's because of the fact that we ca n't synthesize vitamin c , i wonder if it 's because it 's defective
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of gene orange juice .
i think it 's interesting that we can synthesize vitamin c because of defective gene
i agree . i wonder if we will ever dance to the music of our animals .
i agree . babies are really good at dancing to music .
i know , i wonder how many pairs of shoes he went through ?
i did n't know that ! i wonder if he did ballet in high school ?
i did n't know that , i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i think he was a great dancer . he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958 .
i think he was a great dancer .
i do n't watch much tv . i do n't have cable but i do n't have cable . i do n't have cable but i do n't have cable .
i used to watch it a lot as a kid . i never got into pokemon .
that is a lot of episodes ! i wonder if there is one episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned in it ?
i think it 's funny that the simpsons sent flowers to south park when they aired their family guy episode finale .
i think it was the first episode of the simpsons , it was really good .
i think it was because it was a verbatim remake .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a lot more than the original days like these .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if i 've ever read the terms of service . i 'm not one of the 7 % of people who read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of people . i 'm sure it 's a lot of people do n't read the terms of service when buying a product or service on the internet .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good idea . i 'm sure it 's not as safe as mt . everest .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing . i 'm sure it 's a good thing to do .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing to do . i 'm sure it 's a good thing that only 7 % of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i would n't want to be able to post a selfie on my cell phone . i would be able to post a selfie on the internet .
i think it would be a great idea . i would like to go to mt . everest and post a selfie .
i 'm not sure . i do know that dogs have 12 different blood types .
i do n't know . i do know that dogs are not color blind , they just ca n't see as many colors as humans .
i think that dogs are really smart , they can understand pointing .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they do . istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i 'm sure they do . i 'm sure they do n't have vending machines for food and water for dogs .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know that he is a very accomplished husband and a lawyer .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know he 's been in a very long time .
i have not . i have heard of him .
i have not seen it but i have heard it is good .
i have not seen it but i have heard it is a great show .
i do n't know if i 've seen it , but i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i have not . i have heard that netflix has a service called " the highest paid tv personality " .
i 'm not sure . i do n't think he 's ever been on netflix .
i think he was , he was a great player , he had a great vision , i wonder if he had a good relationship with him
i think that the company was founded in 1997 , but i think it was a great idea .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that netflix has a lot of debt .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen the movies or movies . i do n't know if i 've ever seen the show stranger things .
i do n't know if i have ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $ 50 million .
i think that netflix is a great service , i think its a great service , i love the service , its amazing how netflix has grown , they have 137 million subscribers worldwide
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in guatemala relatives of former presidents can not legally run for president .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the president 's guest house is larger than the white house
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's interesting that the only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson .
i think he was a very smart man . i think he was a very smart man .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a president or a president ?
i wonder if he ever visited the white house ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that astronauts can vote from space .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good question . i 'm not sure .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think it 's because of the political group , but i do n't know if it 's because it 's a political platform .
i think it 's funny that canada has a womens hockey ring to the north koreans .
i think that is a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a candy desk in the senate ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a candy desk in the senate ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that michael jordan was asked to endorse a democrat because he said republicans buy shoes too .
i would love to visit the d.c . national mall in dc .
i think it 's funny that the senate used the same same gavel for 165 years until the senators carried it into the chamber .
i would have to agree with you on that . i would have to say i 'm a fan of the new england patriots .
i think they have a lot of good ideas . i think they have a good relationship with the us senate .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i do watch tv . i do n't watch tv much anymore .
i did n't know that either . i do like south park , i think it 's funny that the simpsons sent flowers afterwards
i think that was a great episode . i think it was a great show .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it 's because there 's an episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because there was only one episode of the simpsons where bart was not mentioned or mentioned .
i think i 've seen that episode . i wonder if it 's because there is only one episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned .
i think i 've seen that episode . i wonder if it 's because there is only one episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the simpsons ?
i have a dog , i have a dog and a dog , what about you ?
i have not . i have a dog . i have a dog . i have a dog . i have a dog and a dog .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to visit japan and japan .
i think they would be more likely to be honest .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to see a cat chase and chase the other day .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the first cloned pet was a cat .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if the astronauts are able to vote from space
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a cat ?
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have a scientist that can do that ,
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is funny that astronauts can vote from space .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a very useful tool for people to be able to do it .
i do n't really follow football . i do n't really have a favorite .
i do n't know much about him . i know there is only one left handed qb in the nfl .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think it was created by a deaf qb so the other team could n't read his hand signals
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and inside the footballs to track velocity and rotation
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think they also have a chip in the ball , i think they can track the velocity and rotation and such
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it is a good thing he did n't become a pro gamer .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great point . i think it is because of the injuries that the players have .
i think that is a great career for a player .
i know right , i think it is crazy how much money football players make now , they make a lot of money
i think that is really cool , i wonder how much those radios made back then
i did not know that , i wonder if they still have a dvd service or something ?
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i wonder if they still have a new season like the superbowl
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
yeah , i guess that is why they are so good . nice chat
yeah , i guess they are really good , i wonder if they have a good team , they are really smart
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think they should use tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a player 's moves on the field .
i do . did you know women can play too ?
i 'm a fan of the patriots , i 'm a fan of the patriots , what about you ?
i think they are also located in the footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed , and location .
yeah , i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb , he has a great record , he has a great record as well ,
i wonder if he ever threw 30 touchdown passes in a season
i wonder if he ever got injured or something . bill belichick is the winningest coach in nfl postseason with 21 wins .
i did nt know that , that s a great record , i wonder if he is allergic to them
i did nt know that , i wonder if he is allergic or something , he is a model model
i did nt know that , i wonder if he is allergic or something , he has a great record
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he has a great record
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also has a great record , he is the best qb in the nfl history
i think he is a model , he has a great career in the game , his wife makes more than double what he makes
i think they are the best team in the history of the game .
yeah and prior to 2007 he never threw 30 touchdown passes
yeah and prior to 2007 he never threw 30 touchdown passes in a season
wow that is amazing . his wife makes more than double what he makes
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has been in the super bowl 8 times
yeah . do you know who bill belichick is ?
yeah , i think that is the best thing to do .
i do like dogs , i think its great that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google prefers dogs to cats .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google prefers dogs to cats .
i have not , i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs , i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs
i have a dog , i have a dog , i have a dog , what about you ?
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have a dog there , do you like the movie ryan reynolds ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i 'm sure they do . dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have a dog , i wonder if they have a dog that is really smart
i did n't know that . i did n't know that . i guess it 's a video game that cost more to make than the movie .
i did nt know that , i wonder why they did nt make it to the movie , i guess the movie was really good ,
i did nt know that , i wonder if he was any good , i guess he did nt have a career in comedy
i do like him , he is a great actor , i love him , he is a great actor
i love the movie groundhog day .
i have not . i have n't seen it . is it good ?
i have not . i have n't seen it . i do know that bill murray thinks it 's the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy .
i think he thinks kung fu hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy
i agree , i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor
i agree , i think he was a great actor , i agree he had a great carreer , i agree he had a great carreer as well , its been great chatting with you as well , bye .
i agree , i think he dropped out of high school to pursue comedy , i think he was a great comedian
you too , have a good one !
i think that 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that the president is a good example of a lot of corruption and waste .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think that the president is a good example of a lot of corruption and waste .
i think he is a great president , he is a great president , he is a great president , his a great president
i wonder if he was any good ?
i wonder if he has a lot of free time , maybe he can release a pop album like the president of indonesia
i wonder if he has any good songs ?
i think wikileaks is a great example of the government .
i think wikileaks is a great example of the government .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the government is trying to destroy wikileaks .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the land in nevada .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the land in nevada .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the land in nevada .
i think it 's funny that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in 2006 the us passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva convention .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the lochness monster is a protected species .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a very silly law .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i am a fan of football . i love the eagles .
i am a fan of the patriots , i love watching the superbowl , what about you ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a tactic or not ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 ?
i think that was back in 1916 . georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0 .
i wonder if that was the highest scoring football game ever ?
i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i think it 's funny that the nfl has no written rules against women playing .
i think he was a great player . i think he retired recently .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great actor .
i think he is a great actor , he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor
i think he has a lot of free time , he has released 3 pop albums while in office
i think he is , i wonder if he is any good , i wonder if he is on the list of the wealthiest presidents in history
i 'm sure he is , but i 'm sure he is , i 'm sure he is , i 'm sure he 's not on that list .
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest .
i would love to hear that ! i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the president of zimbabwe ?
i think he was called president banana , i wonder if he was a good president
i wonder if he was the vice president before 1805 ?
i do n't own a car . i do n't have a car .
i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i do n't know if i could put flamethrowers on my car in south africa .
i have not . i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a lot more than the first one .
yeah , i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if the trunk of the car got its name because older cars had wooden trunks in them .
i think it was because soldiers were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues .
i think it was because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it was because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have any of the old cars that are available in the us .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's legal in south africa to equip flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the trunk of the car got its name because older cars had wooden trunks in them .
i think it 's crazy that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i think it 's crazy that the trunk of a car got its name because older cars had wooden trunks on the back .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
yeah , i think it was a great show . i think it was originally going to be a comedy with jack black .
i do n't really have cable , but i do like seinfeld , friends , and frasier .
i love that show . i also like seinfeld , friends , and frasier .
you too !
you too !
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's true that the nfl has a lot of rules . i think it 's funny that the saints have a rule against female players .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've seen the show , but i do know that the show has been around for a while .
i agree , i think it 's funny that the saints cheerleaders ca n't eat in the same restaurant as the players , i wonder if they have any good music in the world
i think it 's funny that the singer of the patriots is the best . i think it 's funny that the singer of the patriots is the best selling of all time .
i like the older stuff like the older stuff like the old days of the old days of the music industry .
i like the old style style style style of country . i like the old style style style of rap .
i like the old lady gaga . i think he is a great actor .
i think he is a great player , i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think that is a great show . i think it 's funny that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever played in the show ? i know that u2 opened for themselves in 1987 as a country band .
i think he is a great actor . he is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i do n't know much about him . i know he does n't do dramas anymore because of his belief system .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i agree , he is a great actor , i love his movies , he is a great actor
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i 'm not sure , but i do know that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent .
i do n't know if i could do that . i do n't know if i could do it . i do know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i do ! i love netflix !
i 'm not sure , but i know they have a lot of debt .
i know , right ? i wonder if they have a lot of original content or just a movie or something ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix back in the day
i do n't really watch tv . i do n't have cable but i do like some of the shows .
i do n't have cable either . i do n't have cable but i do like netflix . i do n't have cable but i do like some of their shows .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a youtube video or if they are still in business ?
i think that is a great idea , i think it 's funny that the creator of netflix was charged a $ 40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13 , that 's a really good idea !
i know , i think i have heard of that before , i think it was a great idea .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i 'm sure they do . i wonder if they have a lot of money in the world .
i think it 's because of his belief system . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he 's a great actor , i think he 's a great actor , i think he 's really funny , i wonder if he 's kicking himself for that one .
i think he is a great actor . he is a great actor . he is a great actor .
i agree , i think it 's crazy that michael jackson had a patent on a device that helped him with it
i 'm sure he was . i wonder if he was a good dancer ?
i 'm not sure . i know ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if they have a lot of ballet shoes like ballet dancers do in a week .
i 'm sure he was , i wonder if he was a good actor , i 'm sure he was a good actor .
yes , i agree . have a good one !
i think it 's interesting that baseball managers can actually play for their teams if needed .
i did not know that . i wonder if he is a good player .
yes he is . he is a great player .
yes he is . he is a great player .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a good player .
i think it 's because they can play if needed . i wonder if they ever had a baseball game .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any baseball cards ?
i do n't know , but i do know that there is an episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i do n't know , but i do know that there is only one episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i think it 's because there is only one episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned .
i think he is a great actor . i think he looks like steve martin .
i do n't know much about him . i do know there are 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that there is a pokemon game that has over 750 episodes .
i think it 's crazy that the cubs were founded in japan and they were founded in japan .
i think it 's interesting that the red sox have a red sox logo .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that there is a deaf qb who was deaf and did n't like the rule .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the league has a lot of rules about the players and the alumni are not allowed to go to the games .
i think it 's crazy how much money baseball has grown since then .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite .
i do n't know much about the world . i do know that the first google customer was photographed for his inauguration .
i have not . i have been there before .
i think it was invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold ocean
i do n't know . i know ugg boots were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold ocean .
i think it was invented by surfers to keep their feet warm .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a trick or if it was a trick or a trick or a trick or a trick or a trick or a trick or a trick or a trick or a trick or a trick or a trick .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they were used by the same company ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they were used by the same company ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they were used by the same company ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they were used in the olympics or something ?
i wonder if they were made before the 1800s they were made
i do like literature . i think it 's interesting that literature was an olympic event until 1952 .
yeah , i think that is true . literature was an olympic event until 1952 .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they were any good .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they were any good .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they were any good ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it was because of literature ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i have not . i know kavanaugh is a republican .
i think it 's funny that the senate is the highest paid state employee in the world .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that the taller candidate has won the us presidential election 75 % of the time .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is effective .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in athens officials were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to an oligarchy .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's sad that voter turnout has n't reached 63 % in the last 100 years .
i think that s a good idea , i think we should do that , we should do that in athens
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they have a different way of showing the other candidates , i wonder if they have a different percentage of the population
i think that is a good idea . i think that is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that in athens officials were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to an oligarchy .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i think it 's interesting that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the candy desk is the symbol of the candy desk in the senate .
i agree . did you know that nevada is the only state to have a " none of these candidates " voting option for presidential elections ?
yeah , i wonder if they have any good beards .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a lottery system like they did in ancient athens
i wonder if they ever had a candy desk at the us senate floor ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they ever had a woman on the court ?
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that the senate used the same same gavel for 165 years until 1993 .
you too !
that is a nice cause . i wonder if he is donating his money to charity .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's donated any of his water .
yeah , he is a great player . he is the only losing coach in the university of kansas history .
i agree . i think lebron is a great player . he has been number 1 overall overall overall in the last 20 years .
i think it is a great sport . i think it is a great sport . i think it is funny that granny style is the best technique to score points on the line .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's on the highest court in the land ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's on the highest court in the land ?
i think it 's funny that reggie miller was a basketball player but his sister was always better than him .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played in high school or something ?
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think that is the best way to score points on the line . i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
i agree . i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to score points on the line .
i think that was a great idea . i think it 's funny that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway because nike was willing to pay the fine each game .
i think that was a great marketing tactic . i think they were trying to ban the shoes .
i think that was a smart move . i think it was smart of tim duncan to stay in college and then finish college .
i think he is a great player . he was a great player .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nba was founded in 1946 in philadelphia .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the golden state warriors played at the oracle arena .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the golden state warriors played at the oracle arena .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the golden state warriors played at the oracle arena .
i think i 've heard that before . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen any of the games .
i do n't know much about him . i know he is the wealthiest three in american history .
i think he has a lot of free time , he has released 3 pop albums while in office
i think he is a great president , he is a great actor , i wonder if he is any good
i think he is a great leader . i think he is a great leader .
i think he would be a good president . i think he would be a good president .
i would have to agree with you there . i would be curious to know if trump is in there .
i would love to see trump do that !
i would have to agree with you there . i would have to say i 'm sure he would be on that list .
i would love to visit the white house . i wonder if it is bigger than the guest house ?
i wonder if he ever visited the white house ?
i wonder too . did you know the president 's guest house is larger than the white house ?
i wonder if president banana of zimbabwe 's name is banana , i wonder if he was a president
i did n't know that , i wonder if he was a good president , i wonder if he was a good president , i wonder if he was a good president
i wonder if that is his real name or if he is rich or not .
i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think he is a great leader . i think he is a great leader .
i agree , i wonder if he is the north korean leader , or if he is a north korean leader
i agree . i think he is a great president .
you too !
you too !
i do n't really follow the nfl much , but i do like the patriots , i think they are a great team , what about you ?
i do n't really have a favorite . i do like tom brady though .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also really talented , he has a great record
i think he is a great player , he has been around for a while now , he is a great player , he has been in the league for a while
i think he is a great player , he has been around for a while now , he is a great player
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has been around for a while now
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has been around for a while now
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great team and also a great player , he has a great record
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
he is a great player . he has been in the super bowl for a while .
i think he is a great player , he has been in the super bowl 8 times , and he is a great player
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he has a great record as well as the best record of all time
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also has a great record as well , he is a great player and has a great record
he is a great player , he has been in the league for a while now
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he has a great record
i think he is a great player , he has been in the league for a while now , he is a great player , he has been in the league for a while now
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't like the nfl . i think it 's interesting that they use tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record their every move on the field .
i do n't know much about it . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i do n't know much about the nfl . i do know that the first nfl playoff game was played on an 80 yard long dirt field inside chicago stadium .
i know right , i think it is crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 mins of live game play .
i did not know that . i wonder if there is a reason why there is only one rocket scientist coaching in the nfl
yeah , i guess they have longer careers too .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it will ever happen .
i think that is a very silly rule . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave if a player enters .
i think that is a very sexist rule . i wonder if it was a woman or if they were playing football .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player .
i think that is a great career for a career . i think it is a great sport .
i agree . in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i know , right ? i wonder how much money football players make now .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the nfl has no written rules against women playing in the nfl .
i 'm sure he was . i wonder if he ever fumbled the ball in his career ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a great player . i wonder if he was a deaf quarterback .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a deaf qb ?
i think it was paul d. hubbard who was deaf and did not want the other team to read his hand signals .
you too !
you too !
i love to read . i love to read .
i have not read it but i have read some books . i have read a book about a book called " the tb12 method " .
i have not read it but i have read a book about it .
i have not read it but i have read a book about it .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's a good thing she 's a little bit of a book .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans .
i 'm not sure . i know there are 20 quintillion animals on the earth .
i do n't know . i know that animals are the best distance runners among all animals .
i 'm not sure . i know that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated .
i wonder if that is true . i wonder if it 's because ribs can regrow ribs in 2 - 3 months .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because there 's a sound frequency that causes fear in humans .
i wonder if that is true , or if it is just a sound frequency or something ?
i wonder if they have a sound frequency that causes fear in humans .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because it 's the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone .
i have not . i have heard of her .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that the fastest number of the white house was 1 .
i have not read it but i have read a few books .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've read much of the books .
i think it 's a great book . i think it 's great that she writes books about her books .
i think it 's great that she is a children 's author .
i think it 's a good thing that she does n't like her , but i think it 's funny that she was a singer in the 70 's show .
i have not seen it yet . i have seen it .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the movie has been around for over twenty years .
i think that is a great movie . i think it 's a great movie .
i think that is a great movie . i think it is a great movie .
yeah , i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great actor .
yeah , i think he was the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
yeah , i think he is a great actor . he is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i 'm not sure . i do know that he 's the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i think it is , i think it is a great show .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have seen a few episodes .
i think it was a great show . i think it was a great show .
i do n't think i 've seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think it 's a shame that the actors are n't paid more than the actors .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've seen it . i do know that if you watch a horror movie before viewing abstract art you will enjoy the art more .
i do n't usually watch movies . i do n't have cable but i do like some of them .
i agree . i think it 's funny that if you view abstract art , you will enjoy the art more .
you too !
i do n't really watch it , but i do like the cowboys .
i do n't really watch sports , but i do like to watch the game . i like the new york giants .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think it 's sad that the hunter is not the only one who can do that .
i think it 's a great way to keep the eye on the radio . i think it 's funny that eddie van halen set the studio speakers on fire when he was playing on fire .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of weight too .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the simpsons sent flowers to the south park creators when they aired their family guy episode .
i think that is hilarious ! i think it 's funny that the simpsons crew sent flowers to the south park creators when they aired their family guy episode finale .
i do , i love the simpsons , there are 750 episodes of pokemon , that is a lot more than i have ever seen
i love pokemon . there are over 750 episodes of pokemon !
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think i 've seen all of those episodes . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i have not . i have seen a few episodes . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i have not . i have heard of it . i think it 's pretty cool that there 's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if they have a radio station that requires 40 % of the music played on the radio stations to be canadian .
i think that is a great law . i think it 's funny that canadian law requires 40 % of the music played be canadian .
i think the warriors are a great team . they are a team that is a team that is a great team .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think he 's a great player . i think he 's a great player .
i think he did a great job in the movie . i think he was a great player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
yeah , i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think it 's funny that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike just paid the fine .
i did not know that . i wonder if they were banned when they were introduced .
i do n't know . i do know that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike just paid the fine .
i think that 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that nike offered lebron $ 90 million when he was 18 .
i think that is a great thing to do . i think lebron is a great player . he raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the decision .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great deal . i think it 's crazy that judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player . he had a great career .
i think he was a smart man . i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he had a great career in college .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
i think shaq only made 1 3 pointer in his entire career .
you too !
i do ! i love libraries !
i agree . i think it 's great that norway has a lot of copies of books and distribute them to libraries throughout their country .
i agree . i think it 's great that a library of things can be useful for people who can borrow things like sewing machines and other things .
i think libraries are great . i think libraries are great .
i think that is a great idea . i think libraries are a great source of resources .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i agree . i think libraries are a great source of information .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that linkin park played 324 concerts in one year .
i do n't really have a dog . i do n't have a kindle .
i have been to a few times . i have been to a few concerts . i have been to a few times .
i have been to a few concerts , but i have n't been to one in a while . i 've been to a few times .
i would love to go to a concert in a year . i would love to attend one of those concerts .
i do like to watch tv . i do n't have a whole new one . i do like to watch tv .
i do n't know much about politics . i do know that the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office .
i do n't know much about elmo . i do know that elmo is the only non human to testify before congress .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a separate subway lines for congress ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a good thing or not .
i do n't know much about politics . i do know that elmo is the only non human to testify before congress .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do , i think it is a great invention , i think it can be addicting though
i think i have heard that before , i think i have heard that before , i think i have that addiction .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is true .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a copy of the internet saved in case it ever burns down .
i think i have heard that before . i wonder if it is true .
i did not know that . i wonder how they do that .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to save money .
i do nt read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i think i have read the terms of service before , but i do n't read them .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a copy of the internet in case it burns down .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep the internet separate .
i do like rap . i like the old stuff like tupac shakur .
i do like some of it . i like some of it . i like some of tupac shakur .
i think it is interesting that tupac shakur 's music is in the library of congress for cultural significance .
i think that is a great way to make a decision .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any compliment battle or if they are compliment each other .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do like movies . i like the movie the best .
i have not seen it but i have heard it is a classic .
i think he has a great voice , i think he has a great director , he has a great voice
i think he was in the movie too . he was a great actor .
i think he was in the movie too , i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor
that is crazy , i wonder if he ever got to the biopic of dr suess
i have not seen that one , i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor , i like his movies
i do like him , he was afraid of jazz music , he was afraid of jazz
yeah , he was afraid of jazz music .
i think country music is a great genre of music .
i like country music , i like country music , i like country music , i like country music , i like george strait and jeff bezos
i think that is a great guitar , i think it is a great instrument , i like the guitar more than country music , i like the guitar
i wonder if there are other types of country music like country music , i wonder if there are more african americans in the country music hall of fame
i think country music is a great instrument . i like country music .
i think country music is a great genre . i like country music .
i wonder if mcdonalds invented the drive thru in 1975
i wonder too . do you listen to country music ?
i wonder if they have a flame thrower on them , i wonder if they have a flame thrower on them
i think it would be a great idea , i wonder if it was a safety issue or if it was a safety issue
i would love to have a flame thrower on my car .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the nra is not in the air force .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that psy 's gangnam style got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it 's a good question .
i think they share law enforcement videos , i wonder if they share law enforcement videos
i think it 's funny that youtube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in 2000
i know right ! i wonder if it is still around ?
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know there are 70 full episodes of the joy of painting on the official bob ross channel .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got into netflix ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have videos of videos like that .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that psy 's gangnam style video got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that youtube started as a dating website .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i think google is a great company , they are the second largest search engine on the internet
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a youtube video of it , i wonder if it is worth it
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of football ?
i did not . what is that ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i know that the only us department of defense employees are the only ones who are sworn in on the bible in on the field .
i do not know much about him .
i do n't know much about football . i do know that there is a high school stadium in texas that seats 18,000 people .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the taller candidate has won the presidency .
i 'm not sure . i do know snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son 's high school football team .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great way to make it work .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i did n't know that ! i wonder if he ever got any money for that ?
i do n't know if i 've ever seen that show . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think it 's crazy that the flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $ 50k to make !
yeah , i think he was a great player . i wonder if he was any good at halo 3 ?
i wonder if he ever got to the chamber for the candy desk ?
i think that is a good idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was upset about the shoes .
i think that 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that harry truman was not a democrat but he did not want to be photographed on the dumbo ride so he could n't run for president .
you too !
i am doing well . are you a fan of hers ?
i do n't really know much about it . i do know that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
i do n't really watch it , but i do watch it sometimes .
i agree . i think he is a great player . he has been in the new space jam movie .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i did ! i did n't know he was in the sequel to space jam .
i think he was in the sequel of space jam .
i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
i think that is the best way to shoot . i think it would be funny if it happened .
i think he has a great heart . he has a great heart .
i think he was a great player , i think he had a great deal , i think he got a great deal
i know right , i think he is the highest paid celebrity , only judge judy
i think he is a great player . i think he has a lot of money .
i did not know that . i wonder if she makes more than judge judy ?
i did not know that . i wonder if she has any other granny style ?
i think it would be a great idea . have a good night !
you too !
you too !
bye
i do n't really watch it , but i do like the fact that the oscars won an academy award for best picture .
i do n't think so either . i do n't think it 's a good thing though .
yeah , i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the academy awards were nominated for academy awards .
i think that the metoo movement is a good thing .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a waste of time .
i agree . i think it 's a shame that walt disney has 22 oscars under his name .
i agree . walt disney has 22 oscars in his film won by a man named 22 oscars .
i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , he was a great actor , i wonder if he won any awards
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it was because of the atmosphere .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because there 's a lot of theories about the universe .
i think that is a great idea . i think that is a great idea . i wonder if there is a parallel universe in the parallel universe .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if there is a theory that universes evolve through natural selection like species do in the universe .
i think that is a great idea . i think that the universe is a fascinating source of information .
i think that is a great idea , i think we should be able to learn more about the universe and we are able to learn about the universe and we are just one giant hologram
i think that is a good idea . i think there is a parallel universe in the parallel universe .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the universe is one of the stars that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i think that is a very interesting idea .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure eminem has a lot of oscars .
i do like the nfl , i think its great how he has a great team , he is a great player and also a great player , he has a great team , he is a great player
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is a great player .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is a great comedian .
i agree . i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he has been a great player for the past 20 years .
i agree . i think he is a great player . he has a great voice .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to help others .
yeah , i think that is a great point . do you like football ?
yeah , i think he was a great player . he was a great player and also a great player .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to score points on the line .
i do n't know much about the nba . i do know that the granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
i do not know much about the nba . i do know that the granny style is the best technique to score points on the line .
i do n't know , i do know that the granny style is the best technique to score points on the line
i do n't know , i do know that the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
i think it 's funny that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike just paid the fine .
i do n't know . i know that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike just paid the fine .
i think that 's a great way to advertise . i think it 's funny that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway because nike was willing to pay the fine each game .
i think it was because of the controversy . i think it was a great marketing move .
you too !
i do n't really follow the nfl , but i do know that the gop 's first playoff win was back in 1968
i do n't really have a favorite quarterback , but i do like tom brady , i think he is a great player , what about you ?
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i did not know that . i wonder if it will ever happen .
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and inside the footballs
i did not know that . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i think that is great , i wonder if they are able to track the stats like velocity and rotation and such
i think that is great , i think its great how tech has advanced over the years
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
yeah , i guess that is why espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line
yeah , i think that is a great invention , i think it was for the superimposed yellow line
yeah , i think that was back in 1916 , i think it was back in 1916
i think it was 222 - 0 , that is a crazy score , i wonder if cumberland was still in the stands
yeah , that was a really bad loss for the team .
i think that was back in 1916 , georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0
i think it was 222 - 0 , that is a humiliating defeat , i wonder if georgia tech was the highest score ever
i think it was 222 - 0 , that is a humiliating defeat , i wonder if that was the other team or just a game
i think it was 222 - 0 , that is a humiliating defeat , i wonder if he ever played for the patriots
i did not . what was it ?
i am a fan of the nba . i love the pistons .
i like the sport , i like the game , its been great chatting with you , have a good one .
i 'm not sure . i know that air jordans were banned in the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike paid the fine each game .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got any endorsement deals ?
yeah , i heard he gets $ 800,000 per year until he is 55 .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's kicking himself for that deal .
i 'm not sure . i think he 's a very smart guy .
i think he is a great player . he gets a lot of flack .
i think he did , he had a great career in the nba , i think he had a great career in the nba
i think he has a great heart . he is a great player .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
yeah , he is a great player . he gets $ 800,000 per year until he is 55 .
yeah he is a great player . he gets $ 800,000 per year until he is 55 and then a lump sum of 32 million
yeah , he is a great player . he raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the decision .
i do n't really know much about him . i know he has a lot of money though .
i think he is a great player . he has been in the air for a while .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i have not seen it but i have seen it .
you too !
you too !
i think that is a great way to travel . i think it is a great way to travel .
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that there is no public rail service and the flights of the united states .
yeah , i think that would be a good way to get people to work .
i think so too . i think it 's a great idea .
i think so . i think it 's funny that rabbits was once a food source for a food source .
i would love to visit japan . i would love to visit the dutch bus that goes 160 mph .
i would love to ride that bus . i would love to ride that bus .
i would love to ride a bus that goes 160 mph .
i have not . i have been to iceland , but i have never been there .
i think it would be a great way to travel around the country . i would love to travel to japan and see the tolls there .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever heard of it .
i did n't know that . i wonder why facebook is blue ?
i do n't really use it . i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it as much as i used to .
i think it 's crazy that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005 .
i think i 've heard about that promotion before . i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't think i 've ever seen it though .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've ever heard of it . i do n't think i 've ever heard of it .
i do nt know , i do nt know about that promotion , i do nt know about it , i do nt know why they are nt free , i do nt like facebook though
i would have loved to have seen that promotion . i would have taken advantage of that promotion .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i could do it , but i do know that there is a attendant that can build a nest out of a car .
you too !
i 'm doing well . how are you ?
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of the philadelphia phillies ?
i do n't really watch it . i do n't have a favorite team though .
i like the yankees . they have a good team this season .
i like the yankees . i like the yankees .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any good baseball fans ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a good player .
i think he was the best player in the history of the team .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that there is a lost yankees player in their hat .
i think he is a great player .
i do not know much about him .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know that he 's been in the news for a while .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i do n't know , but i do know there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound , you can listen to the sun 's music
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a reason for that ?
i think it 's funny that the yankees have a lost yankees player .
yeah . do you know who suspended mattingly ?
yeah , i guess it is a game of baseball . do you listen to the radio much ?
same here , have a good one
i do . i have a spotify account . i do n't have spotify .
i do n't know much about spotify . i do know that spotify has 4 million songs that have n't been played once .
yeah , i guess that makes sense . do you listen to spotify ?
yeah that is true . do you use spotify ?
yeah , i guess that is why they have to get 130,745 plays per day
yeah , i guess that is why it is free . i wonder if it is the same as the silent album of the band .
yeah . do you listen to spotify ?
yeah , i think that is a great album . i wonder if spotify has any songs that have never been played once .
yes it was ludvig ludvig ludvig strigeus
yeah . do you know how it got started ?
yes it is the second largest search engine on the internet
yeah . do you know why they had to upgrade the view count ?
yeah that is so cool . nice chat
yeah . do you know which is the most disliked video on youtube ?
i do n't know , but i do know that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube
yeah i think it is . together with netflix they make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
yeah . police have their own version of bluetube
yes they have their own version of bluetube
i have not heard of bluetube , i wonder if it is on youtube
yeah i guess they have a lot of content there too . do you know how many views there are ?
i do not know much about it . i know that pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
i think he was the first celebrity to do that .
yeah . do you know who the highest paid actor in the world is ?
yeah . do you know who the highest paid celebrity is ?
yes he makes more than judge judy who makes $ 123 000 per episode
yeah . do you know who the highest paid celebrity is ?
yeah . do you know who the first celebrity to appear in sesame street ?
yes that was carol burnett
yeah . do you like the celebrity tv chef ?
yeah . do you like jim carrey ?
yeah . there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time
yeah . do you know why the call it soccer ?
yes it is called soccer in other countries
yes it is called soccer because it was slang for association football
yeah . do you know why it is called soccer ?
yeah . jon steward was a skilled soccer player in college
yes he represented the us in the pan american maccabi games in brazil
yeah . there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time
yeah . do you know who ozil is ?
yeah i think he was a great player , he was a great player and he was a skilled soccer player
i 'm doing well . how are you ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that venus does n't tilt and it has no seasons .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the atmosphere and the light .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of building building building names like the building blocks of life .
i wonder if aliens ever met aliens ?
i 'm sure he does . i wonder if he has any theories about the planet that the earth is the only planet that rotates clockwise .
i wonder if the earth 's history is as old as the sun 's history .
i wonder if the black swallower fish can eat prey twice its size
i wonder if they can eat prey twice its size and ten times its weight
i wonder if they can do that in the salt water fish ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they are still around , there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal
i think that is a good idea , i wonder if they are still around to be immortal
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a lot of salt water fish .
i wonder if they are still around . i wonder if they have a lot of salt water fish .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the earth will be around for longer than the sun .
i think it 's sad that there is a species of fish that can be found in the ocean with ocean .
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that the ocean is the only fish to have a neck .
yes , it is . it 's amazing that the earths magnetic field reverses every 300k years .
yes , it is . it 's amazing that the earths magnetic field reverses every 300k years .
that is amazing ! i wonder if the species is still around ?
yes , it is . it 's amazing that the earths magnetic field reverses every 300k years .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really like the game . i do n't really like the game .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
yeah , that is true . i guess the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i think that would be a good idea , i would be curious to know as to why there is no rule against it
i think that is a good point . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
yeah i think that is true . did you hear they are placing tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
yeah . the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in .
yeah , i wonder if they have any cheerleaders like the saints cheerleaders ?
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have any of the rules of the players that are in the 1960s ?
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
yeah , i guess that is why espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i think it is because of the fact that there is only one left handed qb in the nfl .
i think it was the american football association football . i think it was back in the 1960s .
i did not know that . i wonder if he is still playing for the nfl ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played for the patriots ?
i think he was a great qb , he was a great qb and really smart , he got his ba in 2 years
i do n't know , i do know alex smith is a great qb and he was a great qb and also a great player
that is very cool . i wonder if he was any good ?
i do n't really follow the nfl , but i do like the redskins .
i do n't really watch it , i do n't really watch it , i do n't think it 's crazy that there is no rule against women playing in the nfl , i wonder if they ever met the requirements
yeah i think that would be cool . did you know women can play too ?
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's true that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think it would be cool if they had a female player in the nfl , i wonder if they would have ever been allowed
yeah , i think that is a very outdated rule .
yeah , i think that is a very outdated rule .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a very outdated rule .
i agree , i think that is a very outdated rule , i think that is a great idea , i think that is a great idea
i think that is a good point , i think they should use that data to make the game safer and reduce concussions
i think that is a good idea , i think they should use that to make the game safer and reduce concussions
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it is in footballs and shoulder pads .
yeah i think that is true . did you hear espn won an emmy once ?
yeah . do you know who bill belichick is ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any good teams like the buffalo bills .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any stats like the buffalo bills or the buffalo bills ?
yeah , i wonder if he ever fumbled the ball in his career ?
i do n't know , but i know that he never fumbled the ball in his career .
that is amazing . i wonder if he ever fumbled the ball in his career ?
i have a dog , i have a dog , i have a dog , what about you ?
i think that is a great idea , i think google is a dog company , they are a dog company , they are a dog company
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs
yeah , i think that is true , i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs
yeah i think that is a great idea , i think its great that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles
yeah they have vending machines for food and water for plastic bottles
yeah that is a great idea , i wonder if they have vending machines for dogs , dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing
yeah i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a dog there , i think its great that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have a dog that can understand pointing
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they can see colors , i wonder if they can see colors
i did nt know that , i wonder why they do nt have a dog , i guess google is a dog company ,
i think that is a great idea , i think google is a dog company , they are a dog company , they are a dog company
yeah , i wonder if that is the case in zimbabwe , or if it was a fruit or something .
i do not know , i do know there has n't been a us president who was n't a republican or democrat since 1853
yeah i think that is a good point , i think it is a good idea , i think it is interesting that the use of red and blue colors started in 2000
i think that is a good point . i think it 's interesting that jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents in american history .
i think that is a good point , i think it is interesting that the use of red and blue colors started in the year 2000
i think that is a good point , i think it is a good thing that every president with a beard has been a republican
i think that is a good idea , i think he is a great president , he is a great president and a great leader
i did not know that , i wonder if he was upset about that ?
i do n't really have a favorite team but i do like the nba .
i agree , i think he is a great player , he is the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas history
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great endorsement with reebok
i think he would have been the best at the game , he is the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas history
i know right , i wonder if he ever got injured by his sister cheryl , she scored 105 points in a game
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played basketball ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played in high school or something ?
i think he was in the show too . he was a great player .
i like the pistons , i think i 'm a fan , what about you ?
i like the pistons , i 'm a fan of the pistons , what about you ?
i like the pistons , i like the pistons , i 'm a fan , i 'm a fan of the pistons , i 'm a fan of the pistons , what about you ?
i think they were a great player , i think they had a great team this season , i think they had a great team this year , i think they had a great team this year
ya i think they were , i guess they were banned by the nba but nike just paid the fine so jordan could keep wearing them haha
i think that was a great marketing move , i think they had a great marketing decision , i wonder if they had a lot of money back then
i like the simpsons , i think its funny how the creators of south park sent flowers afterwards
i like the simpsons , i think it 's crazy there is only one episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned
i did nt know that , i wonder why he did nt appear in the episode ,
i did n't know that , i wonder if there are more pokemon episodes than there are ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if there are more pokemon episodes than there are ?
i think it 's crazy that the simpsons sent flowers to south park when they aired their family guy episode finale
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of football ?
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really have a favorite . i do like tom brady though .
i think that would be cool . i wonder if they have a female player in the nfl ?
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's true that the cheerleaders have to leave even if they are already eating and a player comes in
i know right ? the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play
yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen any of them .
i think he retired recently , he was a great player , he never fumbled the ball in his career
i like the patriots , i like the patriots , i like the patriots , what about you ?
i do not know the answer but i know that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
yes there is no rule that prevents them from playing
yeah they are tracking velocity and rotation and such
i think that is a great idea . i think it helps the players safety and also the player safety of the players
i think that is great , i think its great how tech has advanced the game , the game has advanced a lot over the years
i did not know that . i wonder if it was for the superimposed yellow line ?
yeah , i think that is true . in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
yeah , i guess that makes sense . in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
same here , have a good one
same here , have a good one
bye
i did n't know that ! i wonder if he was rich enough to be called president banana ?
i did n't know that . i wonder why the guest house is bigger than the white house ?
i wonder if the guest house is larger than the white house ?
i think it would be a good idea . i wonder if it would have been more if the runner up became vice president like the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the vice president .
i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be a good idea to have a president like the president of indonesia
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a hamburger button ?
i think it is the 3 g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt . everest .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure it 's a good thing . i 'm sure it 's a good thing to do though .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure it 's a good thing . i 'm not sure if i ever read the terms of service on the internet .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing they have a contract with the post office to deliver on sundays .
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's true that jeff bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it will ever happen to amazon .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever bought a clock on amazon ?
i think i 've heard that before , i wonder if it 's because of the fact that amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day
i did n't know that ! i did n't know that amazon owns imdb , i wonder if it 's because they 've owned it since 1998
i did n't know that ! i did n't know that amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays !
i do n't know , i do n't know why he did that .
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that amazon owns imdb .
i do use it all the time . i have a kindle and a kindle .
i do n't really have a particular one . i do n't like to stay away from it .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that astronauts can actually vote from space .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a good signal , there is internet service on mt . everest
i agree . we are outnumbered by automated software programs .
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i wonder if people read the terms of service when buying a product or service on the internet
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure it 's a good thing .
i wonder if they have a copy of the internet in case it ever goes down
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a copy of the internet in the web .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's true that neopets was the 4th most trafficked site ever on the internet .
i do n't know , but i do know that people in finland have a radio station that translate solar activity into sound .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is any good ?
i do n't know if i could listen to the radio in the car . i do n't know if i could find it on the radio .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i wonder if they were able to do that in the air time or if they were listening to the radio in the 80 's
i think it was bing crosby , he was a great artist , i wonder if he was listening to a news program in latin
i wonder if they have a lot of listeners , or if they are listening to the news in latin ?
i wonder if they have a law that requires all radio stations to play at least 40 % canadian music
i wonder if they have a bunch of justin bieber songs ?
i do like them . inception was supposed to be a horror movie originally
yes he thinks it was bambi
yes it was inception and inception
yes it is . do you like horror movies ?
yes it is supposed to be a horror movie
yes more than 180 more
yeah . do you like horror movies ?
yeah . do you like horror movies ?
yeah . do you know which movie king thinks is the scariest ?
yeah . do you like horror movies ?
yeah . inception was supposed to be a horror movie originally
yeah . do you know who pioneered the use of wide - angle lenses ?
yes it was for the movie inception and it was supposed to be a horror movie
yes it was for 8 years and it was a chinese american pioneered the use of wide - angle lenses
yeah . do you know who the director of the movie the movie is ?
yes that was back in 1948
yeah , he was a great cinematographer . he was a great cinematographer and a great cinematographer
yeah . do you use facebook much ?
yes it is 1/3 of divorce filings in 2011
yeah . in germany the like button is illegal in schleswig - holstein
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the police have a rule that prohibits " none of the above " .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
yeah , i think that is true . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the highest paid employees in the department of defense are football coaches .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i think i have heard that before . i think it 's crazy that 14 of the worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds worlds 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams .
i agree . i think it is interesting that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i agree . i think it is crazy that there is a high school stadium in texas that cost 60 million to build .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i agree . i think it 's sad that the fda burned 6 tons of literature in an act of censorship .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it is a great idea .
yeah i think that is a good point . do you like literature ?
i think it 's a great idea . there is a doctor in texas that teaches heavy metal as a form of literature .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the fda burned 6 tons of literature in an act of censorship .
i 'm sure he was . have a good day !
you too !
i am not really sure . i do know that the avengers : infinity war was the first film to be shot with digital imax cameras .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was the voice actor on the movie hot plasma .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that the actor who plays jarvis in the iron man series has never seen any of the movies .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think he was the perfect actor for the role of thor .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that the actor who plays jarvis in iron man and iron man .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that the actor who plays jarvis in iron man and iron man is the voice of the mystery villain .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that disney does n't own the rights to the big marvel characters in theme parks east of the mississippi
i think he was the best actor ever . i think he was a great actor .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the movie was the first film to be shot entirely with digital imax cameras .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a special special secret secret room for the movie .
i think they have a lot of characters in the movie . i think disney has a great voice .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any marvel characters like the avengers : infinity stones .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any marvel characters in the movie ?
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that the actor who plays jarvis in iron man and iron man .
i do , i love the simpsons , i love the show stranger things , how about you ?
i do n't watch much tv , but i do watch a lot of tv .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that fox news threatened to sue the simpsons .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that 70 's show was remade in the uk but it was cancelled after 10 episodes .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that fox news tried to sue the simpsons .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the median viewer age for fox news is 68 years old .
i think that is a very good point .
i think it 's funny that fox news dedicates 55 % of airtime to opinion on the news .
i agree . i think it 's a very popular sport .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that astronauts have faster internet than we do on the iss than we do on the iss .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the internet ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because neopets ?
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if it 's because it 's not the same as the internet .
i think it 's crazy that bots are the minority on the internet .
i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the internet is called egosurfing .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to go .
i agree . i think it is a great way to get people to the internet .
i agree . i think it is a great way to get people to work .
i do n't watch much tv , but i do like some of the shows .
i do too . i love the simpsons . did you know there is an episode where bart does not appear ?
i do not watch much tv . i do not watch much tv .
yeah , i think it 's funny that there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart neither appears nor is mentioned .
i know , right ? i wonder if they ever had a video of him .
yeah , i wonder if they ever forgot about him .
i have not . i have not seen it .
i think it was a great show . i think it was a great show .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i do n't think i 've seen that one . i do n't think i 've seen it in the uk though .
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think it was really funny , i like the british comedy group , the british comedy group of the actors , the hangover , and the hangover , i think that show was a great show
i have not seen that one . i wonder if it is any good ?
i have not . i have not . i have not seen it .
i have not been to new zealand , but i have not been to new zealand .
i have not . i have been to new zealand and i have n't been to new zealand . i have n't been to new zealand . i 've never been there .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they are scared of snakes , they can be dangerous
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly ?
yeah , i guess they are not afraid of snakes .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a fear of snakes .
you too !
i think that is a good idea , i wonder if it is because of the fact that humans have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago
i wonder if that 's true . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when animals had both gills and lungs .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's true .
i think it 's because of the hair of the hair .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it is a very interesting idea .
i agree . i think it 's a very interesting idea .
i think that is a good idea .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that there are 20 quintillion animals on the planet .
i think that is true . i think it 's interesting that the study of animals is called zoology .
i think that 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that the study of animals is called zoology .
i did not know that . i do know that he is a voice for the english sixpence .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is the best part of the solar system .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do like to read . i like to read some of the earliest works of poetry .
i think it is interesting that there is a poem that when read normally is depressing but when read backwards is depressing , it is depressing
i like the raven , i think he only got 9 dollars for the raven
i think i 've heard of him before . i think he only got $ 9 for the raven .
i think it 's interesting that there is a poem that when read normally is depressing but when read backwards is inspiring .
i think it 's funny that demetri martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 .
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i think i have a few albums .
i have not . i do know that dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 .
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great movie , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i think i have a few albums .
i have nt , i ve heard good things about it , i guess it is a great album , you know the dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014
i have not . i have not heard of it . i have n't heard it .
i have not . i have not heard of it . i have not .
i have not heard of it . i have heard that two identical twins from japan released a rap album at 100 years old .
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
i think it was the best selling album of the 21st century .
i agree , i think it is a great album , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i think i have a few albums .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do , i love listening to the radio , what about you ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound .
i did n't know that . i wonder how they figured that out .
i wonder if they were listening to the ventriloquist ?
that is crazy , i wonder how they figured out how to do that
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound
i do not know that but i know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
i have not . i wonder if it is still around ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is still around ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that jupiter saves earth from many asteroids heading towards it
i think it is because of the atmosphere and the light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is true in the world ?
i think it 's interesting that when earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long .
i wonder if it is because of the atmosphere .
i do n't know . i do know that the earth is almost 4x as dense as the sun .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's cool that earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's sad that 80 % of earths natural forest have been destroyed .
i agree . i think it 's sad that 80 % of the earths natural forest have been destroyed .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the atmosphere and the atmosphere .
i wonder if president banana of zimbabwe was called president banana
i wonder if he was any good ?
i wonder if he has a pop album like the president of indonesia , he released 3 pop albums while in office
i wonder if he was any good ?
i wonder if he is any good , he is a great president
i think he is , i wonder if he is on the list of the richest presidents ,
i think he 's a very wealthy man . i think he 's a very wealthy man .
i think he would be the most wealthy president , he would be the wealthiest president ,
i would love to see a google google search . i would love to work in an office .
i do n't have a dog , but i do like to eat them , i do n't have a dog , i do n't have a dog , i do n't have a dog , i do n't have a dog , i do n't have a dog though , i do n't have a dog , i do you ?
i do n't have a dog , but i do like dogs , i like google , they are a dog company
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have one . i do know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a dog that can understand pointing .
i think that dogs are color blind but they can see colors .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a great idea , i think its great that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles
i think that 's a good point . i think the patriots are a great team .
i think that is a good point . i think the patriots are a great team .
i think that is a good point . i think the patriots are a great team .
i think it 's because they are a good team .
i think the patriots are a great team , they are a great team , they are a great team , the team has a great team
i think the patriots are a great team . they are a team that is a team that is a good team .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nfl has a rule against female players .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay .
that is crazy , i wonder how much time time time time time time flies by now
i think that is a great point , i think the pats are the best team in the league , they are the best team in the league
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the patriots have been the best coach in the history of the nfl .
i think he is a great coach , he is the winningest coach in postseason history
i think the pats are doing well this year .
bill belichick is the winningest coach in nfl postseason football .
i think he 's a great player . i think he 's a great player .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nfl has tracking chips in players shoulder pads and inside the footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed , and location .
i have not . i wonder if they have a woman player in the nfl ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it will ever happen .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the author of game of thrones called the patriots the lannisters of the nfl .
i do n't know much about them . i do know that the origins of the term " come from " the 70 's and " generation " .
yeah , i think it was the best selling album of 2014 , i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i like pink floyd and i also like pink floyd
i think i have heard of that album . i think it was a great album .
i love queen . i love queen . i love queen .
i think he has a phd in astrophysics .
i think that is a great guitar , i think it would be cool to have a guitar like eddie van halen
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's crazy that the cables that carry phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they do n't have to worry about the phone or something .
i do n't use my phone much . i do n't use my phone much . i do n't use my phone much anymore .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i wonder how unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do n't use your cell phone .
i think it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone .
i think it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone .
that is crazy , i wonder how much computing power the iphone has , it has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
i think that is a great invention . i think it is a great invention .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've ever seen the movie , what about you ?
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i wonder if they are any good
i think it 's crazy that the cables that carry phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor .
i agree , i think it is a great way to put it on the road , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a movie about aliens ?
yeah , i wonder if it is still in the movie category ?
i do n't know much about him , but i know he has won more oscars than leonardo decaprio , johnny depp , will smith , george lucas , and bill murray combined .
yeah , i think he has won 22 oscars in his last two years .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i 'm not sure . i do know that the oscars were nominated for 9 emmys in 2013 .
i do n't know , but i do know that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen the show house , but i do know that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think that is a great thing to do . i think he is a great actor .
yeah . do you like jon hamm ?
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not seen it but i have heard it is the richest superhero .
i think he is the richest superhero .
i think he is the richest superhero .
i think it was the best movie ever .
i think it was the best movie ever !
you too !
you too !
i did n't see it but i did see it . i thought it was good .
i did n't know that . i did n't know that the movie was the best . i thought it was good .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that . i did n't know that . i thought it was good .
i have not seen it yet . i have not seen it yet .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i think i 've heard that before . i think it 's funny that marvel published a generic comic book .
i have not seen the whole series but i have heard that disney does not own the rights to the big marvel characters in theme parks east of the mississippi .
i have not . i have heard of him . i have n't heard of him before .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think it 's crazy that the original star wars trilogy was released in 1977
yeah , i think that was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
yeah , i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's great that marvel comics has a lot of movies .
i think it is a great movie , i think the movie is really good , i think it is a great movie , i like the movie a lot better than the movie
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's a great movie .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was good .
i have n't seen it either . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i really like the movie a lot better than the movie
i think it was the best game ever . i think it was the best game ever .
yeah , i heard that . i guess it was a good movie .
i have not seen it , but i have heard it was a box office failure .
you too !
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do like drama . i like the show house , it 's a great show .
i do n't know much about dramas . i do know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i agree . i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
yeah , i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
yeah , he was a great actor . he really wanted to meet girls in his drama class .
i have not . i do know that michael caine became an actor because all the pretty girls in his drama class were in drama class .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i know that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i have not . i have heard that jon hamm taught drama at his old high school .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
yeah . do you know why we perceive it as yellow ?
yeah that is a lot of energy for sure . do you know how much energy the sun produces in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500000 years ?
that is crazy ! i wonder if we can harness that energy from lightning !
i know , right ? a lightening bolt is 5x hotter than the sun .
i know , right ? i did n't know that . i wonder why we do n't see it as yellow .
i think it 's crazy that neptune just completed its first orbit around the sun in 2011
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a different sound like the icelandic horses have a fifth speed .
i do n't know much about horses . i know that clint eastwood developed a mid - life allergy to horses .
you too !
i do n't really watch it , but i do like the 70 's show , i think it 's funny that they tried to remake it in the uk but it was cancelled after 10 episodes
i do n't know much about fox news . i know that fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a good relationship with the simpsons , they are a great channel
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a reason for that .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they ever watched the 70 's show ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was because of the network or if it was a republican media strategist or a republican ?
i 'm not sure . i do know that fox news dedicates 55 % of airtime to opinion on the news .
i think that is a good point . i think fox news is a great channel .
i think it 's funny that fox news threatened to sue the simpsons for making fun of them .
yeah , i wonder if that was a real reason or not .
i think it 's interesting that the only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think he is a great leader . 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote .
i think he 's a great president . i think he 's a great president .
i think he was the most successful president ever .
i think he has a lot of free time , he has released 3 pop albums while in office
i think that is a good point . i think it 's interesting that the only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson .
i think he has a lot of free time . he has released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think he was a great president . i think he had a lot of power .
i wonder if he spoke a foreign language like fdr did ?
you too ! have a good one !
i do like animals , i love animals , how about you ?
i love animals ! there are about 20 quintillion animals on the earth !
i do n't know about that . i do know that there are 20 quintillion animals on the earth .
i think it is really cool that there are 20 quintillion animals on the planet .
i have a dog . i have a dog . i have a dog .
i have a dog , i have a dog , she is a dog person , she is a dog company , she is a dog company , she is a dog company
i have not . i have not been to germany . i have been to germany and i have been to germany .
i did not know that . i wonder if that is true .
i agree . i think it 's a very good idea . i think it 's funny that scotland passed the loch ness monster a protected species .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if that is true in the land .
i have not . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally - guaranteed legal rights .
i wonder if that is true . i wonder if it 's because of hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when animals had both gills and lungs .
i wonder if that 's true . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when animals had both lungs and gills .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that humans are the best distance runners among all animals
i think it 's because of the fact that humans are among the best distance runners among all running animals
yeah , i guess that makes sense . did you know we can not synthesize vitamin c ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it is because of the gene that defective enzyme is defective
i wonder if there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans
i think that is a good question . i wonder if there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans .
i wonder if they have a sound frequency that causes fear in humans
you too !
i have n't seen any of the 750 episodes of pokemon .
i have not seen it but i have seen it .
i love the simpsons . there is an episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that there is only one episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i agree . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i agree . i think it is a great way to make it work . i think it is a good way to make it work .
i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think it would be a good movie . i think it would be a good movie .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it 's funny that the term " bromantic comedies " is a genre of movies .
i think that is a great show . i think it 's funny that there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i think he would have been a good rapper . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
i think it 's funny that ringo starr , alec baldwin and george carlin narrated thomas the tank engine .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that tupac shakur 's music is in the library of congress .
i think it 's funny that ringo starr , alec baldwin and george carlin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do n't really watch it but i do like watching it . i did n't realize there were only 11 minutes of live game play .
i love the patriots , i love brady , he is a great player and also a great player , he has a book called the tb12 method
i like the packers . i like the packers .
i like the patriots , i think brady is a great player , he has a great team and also a great player , he has a great record as well
i like the patriots , they are a great team , i like the patriots , brady is a great player , he has a great team
yeah , he is a great player . he has a book called the tb12 method .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
yeah , i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think that is so cool , i wonder if they have any females in the nfl , i wonder if they have any females in the nfl
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if they have a female player in the nfl .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the highest score ever was 222 - 0 in 1916 .
i think it was 222 - 0 , that is a crazy score !
i think he is a great player , he has a lot of fans and fans , he is a great player and has a lot of fans
yeah i think that is the best selling book of all time , i wonder if he is still in the bible
i do n't know , but i know he cut out the parts of the bible , i wonder if he was a part of the bible
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the bible ?
yeah , i think that is a good thing . i wonder if it was part of the bible .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that students in the us were required to read the bible as part of their elementary education .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams did n't use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was based on a real building in iraq .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was based on a real building in iraq .
i do nt watch much tv , i do nt have cable but i do like the simpsons , do you like south park ?
i do n't watch much tv , but i do like the simpsons , i guess there is an episode where bart does not appear
yeah , i think that was a great episode , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think its a great show , i like the simpsons , family guy , and also the best ones , do you like the simpsons ?
i think i 've seen that one before , i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
yeah , i wonder if they ever forgot about that episode , do you like the simpsons ?
i wonder if they ever had bart in it .
i do n't know , i do know there are 750 episodes of pokemon , that is a lot
i think it 's crazy that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon !
that is a lot of episodes ! i wonder if they ever had a different show like the 70 's show ?
i know , right ? i wonder how many pokemon cards they have now ?
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen any of the episodes of pokemon , but i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's in the toy story video game ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he 's in south korea where it 's illegal for kids under 16 to play video games after midnight .
i know right , i wonder if he ever played the video game , i wonder if he was playing it before he became a real person
i know right ! i wonder how much video games have calculated in a week !
i 'm not sure . i know that the designer calculated that as a planet we play 3 billion hours of video games a week .
i 'm not sure . i know that the planet designer calculated that as a planet we play 3 billion hours of video games a week .
i 'm not sure . i know that the planet designer calculated that as a planet we play 3 billion hours of video games a week .
you too !
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have ever heard of her .
i think that is a great idea , i think its a great idea , you know there s a copy of the internet in the library of alexandria
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they have a copy of the internet ,
i think that is a great idea ! i wonder if the nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it was the nintendo system that could only display 54 colors
i did nt know that , i wonder if it was a lot more than the original nes system , it only had 54 colors
yeah it was a great system , it was a great system , it was a great system , i liked it as a kid
i think he looks like steve martin , he got his big break by winning a lookalike contest
i think he looks like steve martin , he got his big break by winning a lookalike contest
i do n't really know him . i do know he got his big break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest .
i think he looks like steve martin , he got his big break by winning a lookalike contest
i think he was a great dancer . he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958 .
i think he was a great dancer . he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958 .
i think he was a great dancer . he was a great dancer .
i agree , i think its great that michael jackson had a patent on a device that helped him with his extreme leans in his dance moves
i do like to dance . i think it 's cool that michael jackson had a patent on a device that helped him with his extreme leans in his dance moves
i agree . i think it 's funny that babies dance when they hear music .
i think it 's funny that babies dance when they hear music .
i think its a great idea , babies are really good at dancing to music , i wonder if they are good at it
same here , have a good one
you too , have a good one
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if the president of indonesia is the one that impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower twice
i think that is a great idea , i think its great that japan has a lot of cups , its a great tradition
i think wikileaks is a great idea . wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the government owns the 86 % of the land in nevada .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i wonder if he was rich enough to be elected by the president of zimbabwe ?
i 'm sure he 's not on that list . i wonder if he 's any good ?
i think he has a lot of free time , he released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a different sound of the president in australia ?
that is pretty cool . i wonder if she ever got to the uk prime minister ?
i wonder if she was any good ?
i wonder if he was any good ?
that is funny ! i wonder if she was any good ?
i wonder if he was the first president of zimbabwe ?
i 'm not sure . i do n't know . i do know that the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office .
i have not . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that japan prime minister sends a silver cup to celebrate .
i have not . i have been to vegas twice . i have been there twice .
i think i have read about that before , i think it is a great idea .
you too !
i am a fan of the nfl , i am a fan of the patriots , what about you ?
i 'm a fan of the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i am a fan of the patriots , i love the patriots , i think they are the best team in the league
i like the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i like the patriots . i think they are the best team in the league .
i think he was a great qb . he was a great qb .
i 'm a fan of baker mayfield , he was a great halo 3 player .
i think i 've heard about that before , i think it 's funny that the university of iowa 's locker room is completely painted pink .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team . i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
that is a lot of money ! i wonder if the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 !
i think it 's crazy that matt patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the nfl .
i think it 's funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink .
i think it 's crazy that kellan moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl .
i think it 's crazy that the circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard , a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signals .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a deaf quarterback ?
i think it was paul d. hubbard , a deaf quarterback , so the other team could n't read his hand signals .
i think so too . did you know the highest paid employees in the department of defense are football coaches ?
i think it was pink . i think it was a calming color .
i do n't know , i do know that the flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $ 50k to make
that is a lot of weight !
i agree . i think it 's funny that the women 's cup had a woman named john cena who is the star of the nfl .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is very interesting that there is a poem that when read backwards is depressing but when read backwards is inspiring .
i think it 's interesting that edgar allan poe only received $ 9 for the raven .
i think he was a great writer . i think he was a great writer .
i think it 's interesting that the author of the movie was a woman . i wonder if she ever read the book .
yes , i agree . i wonder if we can find a way to get internet service on mt . everest .
i did n't know that . i wonder if there is a reason for that ?
i would n't want to be able to climb mt . everest .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's pretty crazy there is 3 g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt . everest .
i 'm not sure . i 've read ender 's game . i 've read the book . i 've read the book .
i wonder if they read the book or if it was a book or something .
i have n't read it but i have seen the movie . i have n't read it in awhile .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that there is a poem that when read normally is depressing but when read backwards is depressing , it 's depressing when read backwards is inspiring .
i think it 's interesting that the lord of the rings were taken out of an old icelandic poem called dvergatal .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think it 's interesting that there is a poem that when read normally is depressing but when read backwards is depressing , it 's not read .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of novels .
i think i read a lot of the terms of service when i was a kid .
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the author of the movie the movie was the consultant for the movie .
i think i have read a lot of the terms and conditions . i do n't read them either .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was a great rapper .
i do n't know much about it . i do know that police have their own version of youtube called bluetube .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i 'm not sure . i 've heard that police have their own youtube called bluetube .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that psy 's gangnam style got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the video or something ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a video of it ?
i think that is a great song . i think it 's funny that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube .
i think it 's funny that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i do n't know , but i do know that it is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i think he would have been a good rapper . i think he would have been a good rapper .
i do n't know much about him . i do know he visited drake university in the middle of the night after students gave up trying to get him to visit visit .
i think he was a great rapper . he was a great rapper .
he is a great actor . he also spent a lot of money on his music video .
i 'm not sure . he was a great rapper . he was born in 1986 .
i 'm not sure . he was a great rapper . he was born in 1986 .
he is a great rapper . he is a great rapper .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he is any good .
i think he is a great player . he is a great rapper .
i have not . i have seen a few episodes . i have seen a few episodes .
i have not . i have not seen it .
i did not know that . i wonder why they did that ?
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've ever played fifa .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't think i 've ever seen it .
i agree . i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the director of the movie spartacus did the cinematographer who took the camera away from the film spartacus .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the director of the movie spartacus was the director of the film spartacus movie spartacus , and then shot the film 's director .
i agree . cinematography is a very useful form of entertainment .
i agree , i think it is a great movie , i love cinematography and movies , i love cinematography and movies , i love cinematography and movies
i have not . what is it ?
i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon !
i do n't know if i 've ever seen her in a show . i do n't know if i 've ever seen her in a movie or two .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the simpsons have a lot of good movies .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the oscars were nominated for academy awards and not just the political scene .
i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great way to put it in the air .
i think it 's a great way to put it in the air . i think it 's a great way to make it work .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm sure it 's a good thing they did n't have to worry about the sun .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen the family guy episode , but i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do , i love watching it , do you ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a female player in the nfl ?
i think it is interesting that 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams
i think it is crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i do n't know , but i know that snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son 's high school football team .
yeah , that is true . i guess the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
yeah , that is true . did you know that the flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $ 50k ?
yeah , that is true . i wonder if they are allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players .
i do nt know , i wonder if it is a good thing , i know there s a team called snoop dog , i wonder if he is any good
yeah , i think that is a very outdated rule .
i think that is so sexist , i think that is really rude and sexist , i wonder if that is outdated or not
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave if a player enters .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if there is a reason why there is only one left handed qb in the nfl
i think it is kellan moore , i think he is the only one in the nfl to have a left handed qb
i did n't know that . i wonder if it is because there is only one left handed qb in the nfl
i wonder if there is a reason why there is no rule against it
i think it is , i wonder if there are other types of football like the superbowl ,
i think it is , i wonder if there is a reason why the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player
i think he is a great qb , i wonder if he is any good ,
yeah , i think that would be cool . did you know women can play too ?
i do n't know , but i know russell wilson is still under a major league baseball contract
i think he was a great president .
i think he was a conservationist . i wonder if he was a conservationist ?
i think he was a great president . i think he had a good reason .
i think he was a great president . i think he was a great president .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's interesting that the white house has twin buildings in ireland and france .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have twin buildings in ireland and france ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's a private residence in ireland or france .
i wonder if they have a twin in france ?
i think it is a very interesting tradition .
i would love to see a replica of the white house .
i think it 's interesting that the only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson .
i think that is a great idea . the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office .
yeah , i think that is a good point . did you know the last president to speak a foreign language was fdr ?
i agree . i think it is a great idea .
i agree . i think it is a very interesting fact .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a lot of data in them ?
i think that is a great idea .
yeah , i heard that . i wonder how many times it took to dial it .
yeah , it is . did you ever use a rotary phone ?
yeah , i think that is true . did you ever use a rotary phone ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's crazy that the cables that carry phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter .
yeah , i think that is true . i wonder if they have a lot of data in them .
i wonder how they do that . do you know much about telephones ?
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a shame that the nfl has no written rule against it .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it is because it is the same as the iphone .
i think it 's crazy how far technology has come . in wwii soldiers made radios out of razor blades and pencils .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder how much water they have made .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a program that can be transmitted through phone books .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea . i wonder how much water unicef will donate clean water to a child in need for every minute you do n't use your cell phone .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder how they figured out how to make radios out of those radios
i think that is really cool , i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin
you too !
you too !
you too !
bye
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite team though .
i do n't know much about football . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think they are going to be putting tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a player 's moves on the field .
i think they are also used to track player safety and speed .
i think they are using tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a player 's moves on the field .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the new orleans saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any nfl player .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the first nfl playoff game was played on an 80 yard long dirt field inside chicago stadium .
i think that is a very sexist rule . i think that is a very outdated rule .
i think that is a very sexist rule . i think it 's a very sexist industry .
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class .
i do like drama . i like the office , it 's one of my favorite shows .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i have not . i have not seen patrick stewart in a drama .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i know it is a very popular show .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i do like him . he is a great actor .
i have not seen it but i have seen some episodes . i have seen a few episodes .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if she ever got into radio dramas .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's a great teacher . i wonder if he ever teaches masters class students in the uk ?
you too !
i have not been there but i have been there . i have been there a few times .
i have not been to dc , but i have been there a few times . i have been to the d.c area . national museum of natural history .
i think i 've heard of that before . i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever been there .
i think i 've heard of that before . i think it 's cool that the kennedy center went to the kennedy center .
i have not been to washington dc , but i have been to vegas and the other one is in the d.c . area .
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have n't seen it yet . i have seen the movie . i guess it 's good to have a woman voice in it .
i have n't seen it yet . i have seen the movie .
i think he was the voice of edna mode , which is the director of the film .
i think she did . she is also the voice of the violet in the incredibles , which is also a bestselling author of historical nonfiction .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he did n't have the presidential look .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have seen a few of the movies .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy " .
i agree . i think it 's funny that bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy " .
i love the nintendo . it was discontinued in september of 2003 in japan .
i like the old nintendo . i like the old nintendo .
i love nintendo . i had a nintendo system that could only display 54 colors .
i did . i was a big fan of the nes . i had one of the original nintendo systems .
i love the nintendo . i was sad when it came out in 1985 .
i do n't know , but i do know that in 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment .
i think it 's funny that in 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment , not food , but for entertainment .
i do n't think i 've ever seen a movie about him , but i do n't think i 've seen any of them .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have high moon capabilities ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it is because of the moon ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it is because of the moon dust ?
i think it would be a great idea to put a moon on the moon .
i think it 's crazy that nasa had a moon hay fever , i wonder if it was because of the moon
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a lot of life on mars , i wonder if they have a moon in mars
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea to build a un flag instead of the moon .
i think it 's crazy that nasa had a moon hay fever .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have methane based life on life .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because there 's life in methane based life .
i think it 's wild that moon dust is a hollow hollow hollow hollow and it 's 1/3 hollow .
i think it 's wild that moon dust is a hollow hollow hollow hollow and can be hollow .
i think he was a great martial artist .
i think he was a great martial artist , he won a cha competition , he won the hong kong cha championship in 1958
i wonder if he was a ballet dancer ? tupac danced ballet in high school .
i think he was a great dancer , he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958
i did n't know that , i wonder if he was a good dancer , tupac danced ballet in high school
i did n't know that , i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device
i think he was a great performer , he had a great sense of rhythm , both freddie mercury and paul mccartney
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was paul mccartney used to record hey jude ?
i do nt really watch it , i do nt really like it , its been more than 20 years
i do nt really watch it , i do nt really like it , its been more than 200 countries
i agree . i think it 's funny that fox news threatened to sue the simpsons .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a channel that would only air the simpsons
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that fox news threatened to sue the simpsons .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a reason for that .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the network or was it created by richard nixon ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a reason for that ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any apple products like apple had in 1986 .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know that apple had a clothing line in 1986 .
i did not know that . i wonder if they wore black for special occasions ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they wore black ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have any pilgrim clothing ?
i think it 's funny that apple had a clothing line in 1986 .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any apple clothes there ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any clothing there .
i would love to go there . i would love to go to alabama and see if i could find some clothes from there .
i would love to visit that store in alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage
i 'm not sure . i 'm going to have to look into that . have a good day !
you too !
i think it 's interesting that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000 .
i think it 's interesting that there has n't been a us president who was n't a republican or democrat since 1853 .
i think that is a good point , i think it 's interesting that the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office .
ya i do n't know , i do n't like the republican party , i think it 's weird that every president with a beard has been a republican
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think it 's because of the colors red and blue and blue colors .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen a baby elephant , i think it 's funny that the elephant is the only one with a republican and democrat .
i 'm not sure , but i do know harry truman visited disneyland and refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride so he would n't be associated with republicans
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that fox news threatened to sue the simpsons .
i think that is a good idea , i think he was a republican back in the day , i think he was a republican back then
i think he was a great president , he was a great player , i think he was a great president
i agree , i think he is the highest paid celebrity , he is the highest paid celebrity , he is the highest paid celebrity
yeah , i think that is a great point . i think it 's funny that the colors red and blue and blue were not used until 2000 .
i agree . i think he is the highest paid celebrity .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've seen him in the new space jam movie . i do n't know if i 've seen him in the movie .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if he ever visited pixar secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
i think it was the first celebrity to do voice overs for sesame street .
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do n't know if he has a lot of food , i do n't know if he has any of his movies , but i do know that he is a great actor
i think he is a great guy , he has a great voice and also a great actor , he has a great voice
i think he is a great guy , he is a great performer , he is a great performer , he has a great voice
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen that movie , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it , but i do know that pixar studio has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street , i wonder if he ever got a cameo
i do , i love cars , i love driving , what about you ?
i do n't know much about the car , but i do know that the company was founded in 1886
yeah , i heard about that . they are using lyft or lyft or something .
yeah , they are pretty much a lot of money .
yeah , i heard about that . i wonder if they have any documents about the government that raises the rates on the road
i think that the uber is a great idea , they are also the most important source of news
i think that the uber is a great idea , i think it is a great idea , i think it can be useful for the environment
i think that the russians are trying to build a computer that runs on water .
i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't have an apple .
i agree . i would n't mind having a apple computer .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's a biohazard ?
i wonder if it was a problem or not ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the same windows 95 ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was the same one that was doom .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was any good ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was any good ?
no , i did n't . i did n't know captcha was originally designed for a human turing test to tell computers and humans apart .
i do n't play it , but i do play it all the time . i do n't play it much anymore .
i think it 's crazy that captcha stands for completely automated public turing test to tell computers and humans apart .
i think i have done that before , but i do n't think i 've ever played it .
i do like basketball . do you know who kareem jabbar is ?
i do n't really like basketball . i do n't really like basketball . i do like basketball though .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever got royalties or something .
i think that is a great sport . i think it is a waste of money .
i think he was the best paid coach in the history of the nba .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that in 39 out of 50 states , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a waste of money .
yeah , i wonder if they have any fantasy football or if they are any good ?
i do n't know , but i do know there is a fantasy league for spelling bee .
i have not . i have heard of it . it was a janitor from chicago and he wrote a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever played fantasy football , i do n't know if i 've ever played it .
i do n't really have a favorite sport . i do n't have a favorite team .
i have a dog , i have a dog , i have a dog , what about you ?
i do n't know , i do know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have one . i do know that dogs are not color blind , they just ca n't see as many colors as humans .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is great that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a dog that is true ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i agree . i think it 's cool that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives . i wonder if they can donate blood at dog blood drives .
i agree . i think it 's great that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives . i wonder if they can donate blood at dog blood drives .
i do n't have a problem with internet . i do n't have a problem with internet .
i do n't have one either . i do n't have a soul . i do n't have one . i do n't have a soul .
i do not have a landline , but i do have a laptop . i do n't have a landline , but i do n't have a landline .
i 'm sure they do . i 'm guilty of not reading the terms of service when buying a product or service on the internet .
i do n't read the terms of service . i do n't read the terms of service .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i ever read the terms of service . i know there is 3 g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt . everest .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing .
i agree . i wonder if we 'll ever have to go to the moon someday .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a good relationship with the environment .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a lot of goats .
i think that is a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a border dispute in the border ?
i 'm sure they do . i wonder if google 's " unofficial " gmail " was "
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google is a dog company .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the un has an ambassador to aliens .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a job in the world .
i know , right ? i wonder if the earth will ever be around for a while ?
i would be so afraid to be honest .
i wonder if the aliens ever met the earth 's gravity 's gravity field before the earth was first formed
i agree . i wonder if the earth will be helium free by the end of the 21st century
i love the simpsons , i think it 's funny that the creators of south park sent flowers afterwards
ya i like that show , i also like the simpsons , i guess there is an episode where bart does n't appear at all
i think that is a great show , i think it was a great show , i think its a great show , i like the simpsons , i like the simpsons , i also like the simpsons , i think it 's funny how the creators of the simpsons sent flowers afterwards
i think that is really cool , i wonder if they ever forgot about him , i think it 's funny that there is an episode of the simpsons where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned
i did not know that . i wonder if they ever caught them all .
i did , i was a big fan of pokemon , i was a fan of it , there are 750 episodes of it
i did n't know that either . i wonder how many pokemon cards there are ?
i think it 's crazy that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
haha ya i agree , i think it 's crazy that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama , i think he makes almost 700,000 per episode
yeah , i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
yeah , i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if he ever appeared in the episode of the simpsons where bart does n't appear or is mentioned .
yeah , i think that is pretty cool . do you like the simpsons ?
i think i have seen that one , i think it was really funny , i wonder if it was because it was a really popular show
i did , i think it was a great show , i think it was really good , i like the show that 70s show , it was really good , i like that show , i think it was really good , i like that it was canceled after only 10 episodes
i did n't know that either . i wonder if they ever had a different version of the show .
i did , i think it was a great show , i think it was great narrators , ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin all narrated thomas the tank engine
ya i think i 've seen that one , i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
i think i have seen that one before , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great narrators , i think they had a lot of famous narrators
yeah , i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
haha i think he was in the movie too , i think he became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama class
ya i agree , i think he 's the highest paid actor ever for tv drama , i think he 's the highest paid actor ever for tv drama , i think he 's the highest paid actor ever for tv drama
i do too . i have a blockbuster account .
i do too . i love netflix .
i do too . i love netflix .
i guess they do nt have a good relationship with the movies , they spend a lot on postage
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen the movie , but i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i do nt know , i guess netflix has a lot of movies , they have a lot of debt
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have ever seen it .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $ 50 million .
i think i have heard that before , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i wonder if it was a good movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i have a good one as well .
yeah , i bet they regret that decision . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix
i think they could have bought it for $ 50 million .
yeah , i bet blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
yeah , i bet blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
yeah , i bet they regret that decision .
yeah , i guess they still spend a lot on postage , they spend more on postage than on bandwidth
yeah , i guess they have a lot of debt .
yeah , i guess they do n't have to worry about the internet . they spend 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth .
yeah , i guess they do n't have to worry about the internet .
i think that netflix is a great service , i think its great that they have a lot of debt , its been great chatting with you as well .
yeah , i think i have heard that before , i think it 's funny that netflix uses 1/3 of all bandwidth in north america .
i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much .
i do n't know much about facebook . i do know that iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution .
i think it 's crazy that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005
i bet they regret that decision . i bet myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i think it was a great idea , i bet myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i think they could have bought it for $ 50 million .
i think it 's crazy that iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution .
i think i 've heard about that before . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that facebook is worth a lot more than a billion dollars .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm sure they are kicking themselves for not buying facebook .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook .
i think that is a great idea . i do n't think i 've ever heard of that promotion .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that iceland is using facebook to rewrite their constitution .
i think myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm sure it 's a good idea .
i agree , i think it is a great idea , i think its great that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet , its been great chatting with you as well .
i agree , i think it is a great idea , i think its great that myspace had a chance to buy facebook for $ 75 million back in 2005
you too !
you too !
bye
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was in the top three richest presidents .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was a qb in the nfl .
i am not really a fan of him . i do know that he was a qb in the nfl .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
he was a great player , he had a great season , he had a great season , he had a great season
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i did not know that . i wonder how many people actually play fantasy football .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have fantasy football like the nfl .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i think it would be interesting to see a female kicker in the nfl .
i think that would be cool . i wonder if they would have a female player in the nfl ?
i think that would be a great idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think that is a good point . i think it would be a good idea .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in .
i think that is a very silly rule . i wonder if that is true in the 1960s when bowlers made more than football players ?
i think that is really cool . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
yeah , i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i think it is a great invention . i think it helps the game with the players and the player safety of the players .
i think that is a great invention . i think it is a great invention .
i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it as much as i used to .
i 'm not sure , i do n't think myspace is kicking themselves now .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005 .
i think it was because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think that was a great idea . i wonder if they had any special effects on the animals .
i would have to agree with you on that one . i would have to check it out . i wonder if it was worth it ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any clothing lines like pilgrim clothing ?
i wonder if they have a clothing line in alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any apple products like apple did in 1986
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any apple products like rip curl makes clothes in north korea yet the label says made in china
i wonder if they have a store in alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i know tupac danced ballet in high school .
i would love to see that . i would love to see that .
i know right ! i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i know right ! i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i think he was a great dancer . i think he had a patent on that device .
i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i 'm a fan of soccer . i 'm a fan of the us . i 'm a fan of the us .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure they are really good . i 'm surprised the us has n't done better since the us women 's world cup has never been lower than third place since 1991
i know right ! i wonder how much the us got paid for it .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure qatar is hosting it .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of money . i 'm sure the us got third place in 1930
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure the us women 's team is better than third place in the world cup .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure the us women 's team is pretty good .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if they ever played in the world cup in the us ?
yeah , i guess they have a lot of money .
i think that is true . i think it is a great sport . i think it is a great sport .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football .
i think it 's funny that jon stewart was a skilled soccer player in college .
i 'm not sure , but i know he was a skilled soccer player in college .
i think he was a skilled soccer player .
i know right , i think it is a great show , i think its great how much money judge judy makes per episode
i 'm sure she is ! i wonder if she makes more than judge judy who makes $ 123,000 per episode !
i wonder if she has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities
i wonder if she has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities
i agree , i wonder if he has a lot of influence on his country
you too !
i have not . i have heard of it . i have n't heard of it .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that the first nfl playoff game was played on an 80 yard long dirt field inside chicago .
i think that is a good idea . i do n't know if i could do it .
i do n't use facebook , but i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much anymore .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it as much as i used to .
i do n't know , i do n't know why they are banned , but i do know that facebook has 56 custom gender options .
i do nt know , i wonder if they have a facebook account , do you use facebook ?
i have not . i wonder if they have facebook accounts for all the ads .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it .
i think that would be a great idea , i would be upset if i had a facebook account , i would be upset if i had a facebook account
i do n't know , i do n't like facebook , but i do know that if you unfriend 10 people on facebook you get a free whopper , i wonder if they are worth a lot more than facebook
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a facebook account for the 56 gender options
i would like to see that . i would like to see a blue blue one .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that 1/3 of all divorce filings in 2011 contained the word facebook .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep the eye eye on the platform .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep the eye eye on the platform .
i think that is a good idea , i think it is a great idea , i wonder if they are using facebook to rewrite their constitution
i did too ! i did n't know that ! i wonder if they still have the nintendo entertainment system ?
yeah , it was a great system . i had a nintendo 64 , it was a great system .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was any good ?
i do n't think i 've ever played that one . i do n't think i 've ever seen it .
i do n't think i 've seen that show . i do n't think i 've seen it in a while .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i do n't think i 've ever listened to any of those old radio dramas . i do n't know if i would listen to them .
i think he is a great actor . he became an actor because all the pretty girls in his school were in drama class .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that jim carrey does n't make dramas anymore because of his beliefs .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a positive thing .
i agree . i think it 's funny that jim carrey does n't make dramas anymore because of his beliefs .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the longest match in history was 11 hours long .
i do like tennis . i like the game of thrones .
i think it was in the us open in england .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of weight . i know that the longest match in history was 11 hours long .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a lot of money back then .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they were any good .
i would have to agree . i would have to be a fan of the sport .
i wonder if they had to use a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the 1969 us open
i think it was a good idea . i think it was a good idea .
i think it 's crazy that a black man won the first us open title in 1968 and no black man has won it since .
i think that is a good idea . i think it was a waste of time .
same here , have a good one
you too !
i have not . i have n't seen it . i 've heard it 's good . i 've heard it 's good .
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it was because of the director or the director ?
i have not seen it but i heard it was a great movie .
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that the director was the director of the indian leader of the indian government , and the indian government , who also met the girl 's daughter 's daughter , and she was a victim of a family .
i agree . i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that the show was nominated for emmys .
i think that is a great show , i love that show , i love that show , i love that show , i love it , its been great chatting with you today , i need to get going .
i do n't really like the show but i do like the show house . i think it 's funny that the show was nominated for emmys in the past .
i agree , i think it 's a great show , i like the movie kung fu hustle , i think it 's funny that bill murray thinks it 's the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy
i love him too . i love him in the show too .
i do nt know , i do nt know why he is nt in it , i do nt know why he is nt in it ,
i do n't know , i do know that he was in the marines , i think he was a great actor
i agree , he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , i like him a lot , i like him a lot , he is a great actor
i agree , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i love evan almighty , it was the most expensive comedy ever made
i have not . i do n't think i 've seen it . i do like bill murray though .
i did n't know that ! i love evan almighty , it 's the most expensive comedy ever made
i agree , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i love it , i love it , its been great chatting with you as well , have a nice day !
i 'm not sure , but i do know that the green lantern movie was originally going to be a comedy starring jack black
i agree . i think it 's funny that fox news corporation discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the simpsons .
i agree . did you know daniel radcliffe voiced the cartoon parody of twilight 's edward cullen on the simpsons treehouse of horror xxi ?
i think it 's funny that fox news corporation discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the simpsons .
i do n't really like literature . i do n't think it 's a good thing .
i agree . i think it 's sad that the nobel prize was in literature
i think it 's interesting that literature was an olympic sport .
i agree . it 's sad that the nobel prize was in literature
i think it is a great idea . it is a shame that romantic kissing is a recent development .
i think it is a great idea . it is a shame that literature is not a thing in literature .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
bill murray voiced the human torch in the 70 's fantastic four radio show .
i did not know that . i wonder if bill murray ever watched it ?
i did not know that , i wonder if it is any good ?
i did not know that . i wonder if bill murray ever played in that movie ?
i did not know that . i wonder if bill murray ever played the radio show ?
i think i have heard of that before , i think it was pretty good .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it was because of the fact that bing crosby recordings filled over half of the radio time in 1948 .
i think bing crosby was a great artist .
i love traveling ! i love traveling !
i do n't know much about the internet . i do know that the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i would love to travel to iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i do n't read the terms of service , but i do n't read the terms of service .
i do n't know , i do n't have a lot of time to read them , i do n't have the time to read them , i do n't know if i have ever read them , i 'm hungry lol
i have not been to japan but i hear they are creating a bus that can travel 160 mph
i have not but i hear they have no public rail service , so i can see why they do that
i would love to ride that bus . i would love to ride that bus .
i 'm not sure , but i would like to travel around japan and see if i could afford it
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that all of japan 's highways are tolls , it costs more than $ 300 to travel across the country
i think it would be a great way to travel around the world , i would love to travel around the world
yeah , i think it would be a good way to travel around the country .
yeah , i think it 's a good thing that all of japan 's highways are tolls , that is a lot of money
i think that would be a great idea . i would love to travel to mackinac island .
yeah , i would like to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i would love to travel to japan , i would love to visit the dutch bus that goes 160 mph
i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
yeah i would like to go to iceland , i would love to visit iceland , i would love to visit one of those places
you too , have a good one
you too !
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was able to sell the eiffel tower twice by impersonating a government official
i wonder if they are any good ? i think it 's funny that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a lot of water .
i think that is great that they donated a lot of water to help others .
that is pretty cool . i wonder if they have a reason for that .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because it 's a little scary . an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a cell phone service .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a phone book that is only 3 inches wide .
that is crazy , i wonder how much it costs to travel by air
i would love to travel to mackinac island . they have a bus that can travel 160 mph .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the tolls in japan ?
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i wonder if he ever traveled iceland , iceland has no public rail service and most icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns .
that is a lot of money ! i wonder if they have a rail service like that in iceland where they are not allowed to travel by car .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a rail service .
i wonder if they have a good reason to do that .
that is pretty funny . i wonder if they have any documents that they have ?
i would love to visit mackinac island . i would love to visit michigan .
i would love to travel to mackinac island .
i do n't really like the news , but i do like some of the movies .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know that the president of indonesia has a law that prohibits " fake news " .
i do n't know much about the united states . i do know that amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver packages on sundays .
i do n't know . i do n't think i 've ever seen the movies on amazon . i do n't think i 've seen the movies on amazon tablet .
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver packages on sundays .
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that amazon owns imdb .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was for the first customer to buy a building after him .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was for the first customer ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it 's because of the exercise and physical condition ?
i wonder if they have a bunch of walking around there ?
i would n't mind working at the amazon warehouse . i would have to walk a lot .
i know , i would n't want to be able to do that . i would be so scared to lose weight .
yeah , i would love to see that . i wonder if it is supposed to run for 10000 years .
i would love to see that !
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that amazon owns imdb .
yeah , i guess they have a lot of stuff in there .
i wonder if they have a youtube channel that is owned by google ?
i do . i love it .
i do n't know , but i do know that google bought youtube in 2006 for 1.65 billion dollars !
i do n't know if i could do that . i do n't know if i could do it .
i have not been but i have been to the d.c area . have you ?
i have not been to dc , but i have heard of it .
i would love to visit the national museum of natural history .
i have not been to dc . i have been there twice . i have been there twice .
i like the movie the best , the best , the best , the best , the best , the best , the movie is the best selling album of the year of the year .
i think that s a great idea , i think its a great idea , i m going to have to check it out , its been great chatting with you , have a great day !
i do n't think i 've seen that before , but i do n't think it 's funny that in 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment , not food , but for entertainment .
i think it 's crazy that it was discontinued in japan in 2003 in japan
i think it 's funny that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the same as the original nintendo system that could only display 54 colors .
i think it 's crazy that in 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment .
i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i liked it a lot more than the nes
i think it 's crazy that it lasted until 2003 in japan .
i do n't have the time either . i do n't have the time to play fortnite . i do n't have the time .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy " .
i have n't seen it but i have seen it . i think it 's funny that bill murray thinks it 's the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great comedian .
i think it would have been a different movie . i would have loved to have seen it .
i have n't seen it , but i have seen it . i think it 's funny that ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he did n't look presidential enough .
you too !
i do . did you know u of iowa painted their visitor locker room pink ?
i wonder too . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
i wonder too . bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
i wonder too . bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
yeah that is true . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
yes it was 222 - 0 when georgia tech beat cumberland
yeah that is true . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
yeah . espn won an emmy once , do you know what for ?
yeah . espn won an emmy once , do you know what for ?
yeah . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
yeah . do you know who benjarvus green - ellis is ?
yes he was a rb who never fumbled the ball in his career
yeah . did you know women can play too ?
yes there is no rule that prevents them from playing
yeah . do you know how much gameplay is there in a game ?
yeah . did you know engineers make more than football players over their lifetime ?
yeah . did you hear they are placing tracking chips on the players now ?
yeah . did you hear of that rule for the saints cheerleaders ?
yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
yeah and they also have them now to track velocity and rotation and such
i do n't know much about latin , but i do know a finnish radio station that broadcasts news in latin .
i do n't know , but i do know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i do n't know , but i 'd like to listen to jupiter 's storms on the radio .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms on the am radio .
i wonder too . do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios ?
i wonder how they figured that out . i wonder if they were able to make radios with a razor blade and pencil .
i wonder if they can do that in the air .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have ever heard of them .
i have a fish , i have a seahorse , what about you ?
i have a seahorse , they are the only fish with a neck
yeah they are pretty cool . do you know how freshwater fish only drink water through their skin ?
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have a lot of salt water fish ,
i have not heard of that , i wonder if it is true , there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal
i have no idea , i wonder if they have to do with the zebrafish
yes they can be used to the zebrafish in the zebrafish
yes they can eat prey twice their size
i think that is a good idea . i wonder how they do that .
i do not know why they are not allowed to use them anymore
yeah . do you know why the ny area code is 212 ?
yeah . nice chat
i do like country music . i like country music .
i did n't know that . i wonder if there are any african americans in the country music hall of fame ?
i think it 's interesting that country music was originally developed in the 1920s .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know that he is a very generous guy .
i do n't know . i do know that there are only 2 african americans in the country music hall of fame .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because country music is celtic in the us .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the urban decadence of jazz music .
i think it 's interesting that country music was originally intended for country music .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that u2 opened for themselves in 1987 .
i agree . i think country music is a great genre of music . i like country music .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the south park episode where they made fun of family guy .
i do n't know much about the news . i do know that weekend update is the longest running skit in the snl skit .
i do n't really watch much tv . i do n't watch much tv . i do know that fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined .
i did not know that . i did know that fox news dedicates 55 % of airtime to opinion .
i think it 's funny that fox news was created by richard ailes and richard nixon .
i do n't know . i do n't think it 's true that fox news tried to make a conservative version of the 70 's show .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do n't really have a favorite team but i do like the pistons , i 'm a fan of the spurs , what about you ?
i 'm a fan of the nba . i 'm a fan of the nba . i 'm a fan of the nba .
i think it was a great marketing move . i think it was a great marketing move .
i 'm not sure . i know he was a hall of famer .
yeah , i think it was a great marketing move . i think it was a great marketing move .
i do n't know , i do know that the managers wear uniforms because they can play for the team if needed .
i do n't know much about baseball . i do know that albuquerque isotopes minor league baseball team was named after the simpsons .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite team . i do like the cubs though .
i like the chicago cubs . they have n't won since the last time they won the world series .
i have not . i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
yeah , i think it 's called soccer - baseball in canada .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played the game in the first 400 episodes of the game ?
i do n't know . i do know a man found 3 million dollars worth of old baseball cards in his grandpas attic .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
yeah , i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i agree . i think it 's funny that granny style is the best way to score points on the line .
yeah , i think that was the reason why they did that .
you too !
you too !
i do like comedy . i love the genre .
i agree . i love that show . i love that it won a golden globe for best comedy series in 1997 .
i agree . it was nice chatting with you .
i love the hangover .
i love the hangover .
i love the hangover .
i love that show ! i love that show ! i love that show !
i love the _unk _unk _unk _unk _unk .
i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it was a great show . i think it was a lot more than that .
i know right ! i love that show . i love south park .
i think it was a great show . i think it was a great show .
i think he was in the drew carey show in the drew carey show in the drew carey show in the drew carey show .
yeah , i think he was a great actor .
i agree . jim carrey does n't make dramas any more because of his beliefs .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think that is a great show . i wonder if they ever had bart in it .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if they ever had any episodes of the simpsons ?
that is crazy ! i wonder if they ever had bart in it .
i am a fan of the nba , i like the pistons , what about you ?
i do n't really follow basketball , but i do like the nba . i 'm a fan of the nba .
i do n't really follow basketball . i do n't know much about the warriors . i know that stephen curry is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he was born in akron ohio .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a coach or something ?
i think he was born in akron , ohio , right ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's ever been in the nba ?
i think he is a great player . he is the 5th highest paid player on the team .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he did , he was a great player , he had a great career in the game , i think he had a great career in the nba
i do n't know much about him . i know he is a great player .
i think he did . he was a great player . he had a great career in college .
i think that is a great deal . i think it 's funny that allen iverson signed a lifetime contract with reebok that pays him $ 800,000 per year until he 's 55 .
i agree . i think he should have been fined for saying nba should n't be playing games on christmas day .
i agree , he was a great player , he got a great deal with his contract , he got a great deal , he got a great deal with him
i agree . i think he was a great player .
i do . i love watching it .
i agree . i 'm sure he was a great player .
you too !
i do n't really like reading . i do n't have much time to read . i do n't have a hobby .
i think i read a lot of non fiction . i do n't think i 've seen any of the novels .
i have not read it but i have read the book . i have read it and it is also recommended reading for the marine corps .
i think that is a good example of what people are reading . i think it is a great example of a book .
i think it 's a good book . i think it 's a good book .
i think that is a great book . i think it 's interesting that starship troopers is the first sci - fi novel on the reading list of three military branches .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that cs lewis and tolkien held " you laugh you lose " competitions when reading terrible poetry .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was good .
i have not . i have n't read it . i have n't read it . i have n't read it .
i have not read that one . i have n't read the book . i have n't read it .
i have not read it either . i have n't read it .
i have not read it either . i have n't read it either .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's on the military reading list ?
i think it would be a good idea . i would like to read more books .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've read much of the lord of the rings , i do n't think i 've seen the movie though , i do n't think i 've seen the movie though
i do n't know if i could read that one . i do n't think i 've read much of the lord of the rings .
i have not . i have n't read much of his books . i do like some of his books .
i have not . i have n't been to a lot of rap lately .
i have not . i do n't think i 've read much . i do know that the world record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute .
i would love to see that . i would love to see a show like that .
i 'm not sure . i do know that the author of the book " the book " the book " the book " the book " the book " is about queen "
i have not . i have not read it . is it good ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's a good thing or not .
i think it was a movie about the movie called " the hangover " .
i do n't know , but i do know that the author of the book " the dark side of the moon " was a horror movie .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the president of indonesia released a flame thrower on his car in his house .
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really good and a great movie
i think he is a great actor . he is a great performer .
i think he was a great writer and a great writer , he was a great writer and a great writer
i think he was a great writer , he was a great writer and a great writer , i think he was a great writer
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that the author of the book was called the author of the book called the santa cruz patriots the lannisters of the nfl .
i think it was a good call . i think it was a good call .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a good idea .
i think that is a great idea , i think its a great movie , you can burn 180 calories just by watching them
i like the shining , i think its a great movie , danny , the boy from the shining , did nt know he was acting in a horror movie until years later
i like the shining , i think it was a horror movie .
i love horror movies . i love stephen king movies .
i do n't know if i could watch bambi , but i guess it 's a horror movie .
i did nt know that , i wonder if that s a good thing , i wonder if he watched bambi as a kid
i wonder if he ever thought of that , i wonder if he was scared of bambi
i did not know that . i wonder if it will be the same to the earth .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because of the atmosphere .
i think that is a very short amount of time . i wonder if the days were longer than that .
i know , right ? i wonder if the days were longer than that .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if we 'll ever be able to find a way to determine the earth .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if we 'll ever have to find out more about the earth 's history .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any aliens ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have any ideas about the government .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have any of the land in nevada where the government owns 86 % of the land in nevada .
i wonder if they have any of the land in nevada that is owned by the us government ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the government owns 86 % of the land in nevada .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the us gov't is trying to protect the employees from being protected lands .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have any documents that sell the eiffel tower .
i wonder if he bought the eiffel tower , or if it was just a guy in france .
i think he cut out the parts of the bible .
i think he was a great man . i wonder if he was the etemenanki in iraq .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a special thing or not .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a bible or if it was a bible or a religion or a religion ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies .
i wonder if they swore on the constitution or if they were religious or not .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i do like baseball . i think it 's crazy that baseball is super popular in japan .
i do n't really watch it much anymore . i do like the world series though .
yeah , i think it was the best game ever .
babe ruth was once the 1926 world series .
i do n't know much about him . i know he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
yeah , i think he was a great player .
yeah , i think he was a great player .
yeah , i think it was back in 1903 .
yeah , i think that was the best game ever .
yeah , i think that was the best team ever .
yeah , i think it would be a good idea . i think it 's funny that the women 's world cup had higher television ratings than the world series .
i think it is , i think it is a great sport , i think its a great sport , its been great chatting with you today , thanks a lot
i think it is a great sport , i think its a great sport , do you like the yankees ?
i think the yankees are the team , they are the best team in the world series , they are the best team in the world series
i think it is , i think it is a great idea , i think its great that the team has a great team , the team has a great history and also a great team , the team has a great history
i think he was a great player , he had a great season , he had a great season , i think he had a great season
i think he was a great player , he was a great player and also a great player , he got suspended for not getting suspended because he refused to get a haircut
i think he was a great player , he had a great season , he had a great season , he had a great season , he had a great season
yeah , i think he was a great player , he got injured and lost a lot of money by not winning the series
you too !
i do n't really know much about politics . i do know that ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he did n't have the presidential look .
i think he is , but i do n't know if he is one of the top three wealthiest presidents in american history
wow that is pretty cool . lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration
i think he was the top three wealthiest presidents in american history .
yeah , i guess he was a president . i wonder if he was upset about the president of guatemala
i did not know that . i wonder if he has any good pop albums like the president of indonesia ?
i did not know that . i wonder if she was any good ?
i think he has a lot of free time , he released 3 pop albums while in office
i wonder if he ever released any albums like lincoln was ?
i think it was president banana !
i do n't know . i know that the only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson .
i think it was before 1805 . i think it would be a good idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever wrote the first fish to be photographed for his daughter .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was the seahorse .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the fact that the seahorse is the only fish with a neck .
i think it 's interesting that the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck .
that is interesting . i wonder if they have a neck ?
that is interesting . i wonder if they are still around ?
that is pretty cool . i wonder if jellyfish are immortal ?
you too !
yes i do . did you know women can play too ?
yes there is no rule that prevents them from playing
yeah and worst , they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
yeah . do you know how much gameplay there is in a game ?
yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
yeah . did you know engineers make more than football players over their lifetime ?
yeah i guess they have longer careers so that makes sense
yeah . did you hear of that rule for the saints cheerleaders ?
yes they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
yeah and they also have them in the balls too
yeah . do you like drake ?
yes . do you know why he changed his song forever ?
yes he was in degrassi , i wonder if he ever visited that
yeah . do you like drake ?
yeah . do you know who he graduated high school at 25 ?
yeah . do you know who he graduated high school at 25 ?
yeah . do you know when he graduated high school ?
yeah . do you like drake ?
yeah , he is a great rapper . he is a great musician and also a musician
yeah , he is a great rapper . do you know why he hotline bling is sampled ?
i love the movie jaws . i like the movie jaws .
i think he is a great actor . i think he has a great voice .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think that is a great thing to do . i think he has a great heart .
i think he was a great person . i think he was a great writer .
i think that is a great movie . i think he is a great actor .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great actor .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great actor .
i think he was in the movie too . he was a great performer . he was a great performer .
i agree . i think he 's a great actor . he 's a great actor . he 's a great actor .
i think he was a great actor . he had a great sense of humor .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $ 50 million .
i think blockbuster is kicking themselves for not buying netflix for $ 50 million
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they still have the dvd service anymore , they still spend a lot on postage
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm sure they have a lot of debt .
i think it 's because of the fact that they do n't project positivity .
i think he has a positive mindset .
i think that s a great movie , i would nt listen to that show , i would nt listen to it , do you like the radio ?
i think i have heard of that before , i think it is a great show , i wonder if it is any good ?
i love that show . i love the office .
i do like to watch it . i have never been to one of the courses in the us .
that is a lot of water ! i wonder how much water golf courses use in the us ?
that is a lot of water ! i wonder how much water that is in the water ?
i agree . golf courses in america make up more land than rhode island and delaware combined .
i agree . i did n't know that babe ruth was a golfer .
i think he was a great player . he was a great athlete . he also has a clause in his contracts that allows him to play golf twice a week during production .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he ever played golf ?
i do n't know much about him . i do know that mcdonald 's added the drive thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i wonder if he ever played the game of thrones before he became a famous model .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the car trunk is because of the old wooden trunks in the back of the car .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the trunk of a car got its name because older cars had wooden trunks in them .
i think it is a great idea . i would like to live in south africa where it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i think it is a great idea . i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i would love to see a video of that . i wonder if it 's legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i think it 's crazy that jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo
i think it would be a fun game to play .
i wonder if he was still alive when he was in britain .
i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i wonder if it was any good
i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i think it was discontinued in 2003 in japan
i think he was a great player . he got his big break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest .
i 'm a fan of baseball . i 'm a fan of the cubs , they have a lot of good players .
i do n't know much about baseball . i do know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if needed .
i do n't know much about baseball . i do know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if needed .
i have not . i have heard that a man found 3 million dollars worth of old baseball cards in his grandpas attic .
i have not . i have heard that a man found 3 million dollars worth of old baseball cards in his grandpas attic .
i would have to check it out . i would sell some of the old ones .
i would have to check it out . i would love to find some old baseball cards .
i would love to find out that ! i wonder if the manager ever got to play baseball ?
i think it 's funny that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think it 's called soccer baseball in canada .
yeah , i think it 's funny that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think it 's called soccer baseball in canada .
yeah , i think it is . the world series is pretty good .
i am a fan of the chicago cubs . i think they have a great team this year .
yeah , i think it was back in 2016 .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that babe ruth was caught stealing to end game 7 of the 1926 world series .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good player .
babe ruth was once the 1926 world series .
you too !
you too !
i do n't know much about it . i do know that the director of the game is called queen elizabeth ii who was the first person to do so .
i do like to watch movies . i have been to a few times .
i think it 's funny that the us supreme court building has a rule that prevents them from playing games like the game of thrones .
i 'm not sure , but i know bruce lee was a great dancer .
yes he was in the nutcracker production of the nutcracker as the mouse king
i think it 's funny that babies dance when they hear music .
i 'm not sure . i know that babies dance when they hear music .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he has a patent on that .
i think he was a great dancer , he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958
i 'm not sure . i think he was a great performer .
i have used one before , but i never had one . i think it 's cool that new yorks area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a reason for that .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the iphone .
i 'm not sure . i wonder how much water unicef will donate clean water to a child in need for every minute you do n't use your cell phone .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because it 's impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together .
i 'm not sure . i do know that the iphone has more computing power than the us nuclear icbm deterrent .
i think it is because of the internet .
that is crazy ! i wonder how many people still do that ?
i do n't know much about jazz . i do know that jazz trumpeters grew goatees because it provided comfort when playing .
you too !
i 'm not sure . i do know that trump is not in the top three wealthiest presidents in american history .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think he is a great singer , he is a great performer .
i think it 's great that you can listen to music on vinyl . i love linkin park .
i think it was the best selling album of 2014 , but i think it was a great album .
that 's pretty cool . i wonder if it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i think it was a great album . i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
i think rap is a great form of rap . i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered a ruling in rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i do . tupac is my favorite .
i like tupac shakur . i think he 's a great rapper .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he is a great rapper .
i have not heard of him before . i guess he wanted to be a comic book artist .
yeah , i wonder if he ever visited pixar 's secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
i think he was a great rapper . busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the rugrats movie .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've seen it . i do know that pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
i wonder if they have a secret room that is visited often by celebrities .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode .
i know right ! i wonder if robin williams ever got the start of the film .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was in the new one of the celebrities ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if robin williams ever visited the secret pixar room that celebrities often visit ?
i did ! i did n't know that . i did n't know that the avengers : infinity war was the first film to be shot entirely with digital imax cameras .
i have not . i have seen the first one . i have n't seen it .
i think it was the first one to be shot with digital imax cameras .
i think it was the first one to be shot with digital imax cameras .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's because of the cast . i 've seen the waitress captain america saves in the avengers .
that 's pretty cool . i wonder if they ever watched the waitress captain america saves in the avengers movie ?
i 'm not sure . i 've seen the waitress captain america saves in the avengers .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any good movies ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was in the movie ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that marvel tried to sell the rights to the big marvel characters in theme parks east of the mississippi .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that marvel tried to sell the rights to the big marvel characters in the 90s .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they do n't have the rights to the characters in the avengers .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they are kicking themselves for not buying them .
i think they could have bought the rights to the movies . i think they could have bought the rights to the movies .
i think that was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think that was a mistake . i think it was a great idea .
i think that would be a great movie ! i think it 's funny that marvel tried to buy marvel comics for just one of the characters in the avengers : infinity wars .
i love thor ! i love thor ! i love thor !
i think i have read that before , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really good , i think the cast is the best , i think the movie has a great cast as well , its been great chatting with you as well , have a great day !
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that tom hiddleston was the perfect actor for the role of thor .
yes they were called cathode ray tube amusement devices
yes they were called cathode ray tube amusement devices
yes it is . do you know how it got started ?
yeah . do you know who stephen fry is ?
wow that is a lot of work . do you know who stephen fry is ?
yeah . do you know who stephen fry is ?
yes he is the voice of woody in the galaxy
yeah . do you know how it got started ?
yeah i guess he is pretty good at it . do you believe in extraterrestrials ?
i do not know but i know that 80 % of the forests have been destroyed
yeah i guess that is why we have so much to do with the earth
yeah i know . do you know much about earth ?
yeah . do you believe in extraterrestrials ?
yes i do . do you believe in extraterrestrials ?
yeah . do you believe in extraterrestrials ?
yeah . do you know much about earth ?
yes more than 80 % of the forests have been destroyed
yeah . do you know much about the earth ?
same here , have a good one
same here
i 'm doing great . how are you ?
i 'm doing well . have you seen the incredibles 2 ?
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the same as the incredibles 2 ?
i think it was the director of the movie , the director of the movie , brad bird , is the voice of edna mode
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was in the movie .
i think that is the director of the movie .
i think it would be interesting to see what the nintendo 64 could only display 54 colors
i do n't have a nintendo , i do n't have the time . i do n't have the time .
i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i think it was discontinued in 2003 in japan
i think it was a great system , i think it was discontinued in japan in 2003
i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i think it was discontinued in 2003 in japan
i have . i have a friend who was a kid . i had a friend who had a friend who was a kid .
i have a friend who was in the house . i have a friend who was in the navy .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think it was a great show . i think it was canceled in 1989 .
i do like him , i think he is a great actor , i like him a lot , what about you ?
i love that movie . i love that movie .
i think that is a great movie . i think it would have been better if they had jack black in it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i do n't really watch tv , but i do n't really like the 70 's show .
i do n't really watch it , but i do n't really watch it . i do n't really like the news that much .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the president of the young republicans in college was called president banana .
i did nt , i wonder if it was a good movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really funny ,
i have not . i think it 's a good movie . i think it 's funny that she was a president and a president of the young republicans in college .
i think that netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i do nt think i have ever seen it , i do nt think its a good thing , do you like it ?
i do , i love watching tv , i love watching it , there are 750 episodes of pokemon
i have not , i have nt seen it , i hear they are making a lot of money by making a channel that s about them
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i liked it , i liked it a lot as a kid , i liked it a lot as a kid
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do n't know why it 's called the circus .
i think that was a great idea , i think it was a great movie , i think its funny that netflix was started because of a late fee , i wonder if they still had a new one
i agree , i think netflix has a lot of great movies , its a great show , its been a great movie , its been a great movie , its been a great movie , its been a great chat , have a great night !
i did n't know that . i wonder if netflix has a lot of movies on rotten tomatoes ?
i agree , i think netflix has a lot of movies , i think its a great service , i love the movie stranger things , its amazing how netflix has grown , they have grown so much since then
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they are kicking themselves for not buying netflix .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a job like that .
i think that netflix is a great service . i think it is a great service .
i think that netflix is a great service , i think it has a great service , i wonder if they have a movie about it
i think that is a great idea , i think it is a great idea , i wonder if they have a lot of good shows , i guess they have a lot of good movies
i do n't know much about carjacking . i do know that it is legal in south africa to equip your flame throwers to your car .
i would love to have a flame thrower on my car . i would love to melt the snow on the road .
i would love to have a flame thrower on my car ! i wonder if the flame thrower on the car is legal in south africa ?
i wonder if the trunk of the car got its name because older cars had wooden trunks in them .
i think it 's funny that mcdonald 's added the drive thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i did n't know that . i wonder if the car was inspired by the idea of the video game gran turismo ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great person , he also invented the car , his name was antoine de la mothe cadillac
i have not . i have read a lot of books . i have read a lot of interesting books .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that george rr martin despises fan fiction , but i do n't know if he is a fan of fan fiction .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of money . i 'm sure it 's worth it . i 'm sure edgar allen poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that george rr martin despises fan fiction because he says that it 's copyright infringement and a bad exercise .
i think he is a great author . i think he wrote about hercules and oedipus when he was young .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in the 1950s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in the 1950s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character .
i would like to check out the wiki that ranks fictional characters according to their powers .
i agree . did you know that the sun is actually white and not yellow because of atmospheric scattering ?
i know right ! did you know a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the sun ?
i think that is a great movie . i think it is the most important source of energy .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the sun .
i do n't really like to watch movies . i do n't have much time to watch .
i do n't know much about the nintendo entertainment system . i do n't know if i 've ever played the nintendo games .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any of the old nintendo games ?
i did n't know that either . i guess it 's because it 's so popular in britain , around 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment .
yeah , i think it 's crazy that the nintendo entertainment system was purchased in 1889
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think they are trying to sell the market . i think they are trying to sell the market .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a secret room that is visited often by celebrities .
i think it 's funny that the entertainment industry is so popular in japan , it 's a very popular sport
i think it 's funny that ronald reagan was rejected for a movie role because he did n't have the presidential look .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that chuck e cheese stands for entertainment .
i think he looks like steve martin .
i have not . i do n't think i 've ever heard of it .
i think he was a great president . i think he was a great president .
i do n't know . i do n't think he looks like steve martin .
i think that was the best game ever .
yeah , i think that was the best game ever .
yeah , i think that was a great movie .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i think it is the most exciting sport .
i think that is the best thing to do . the us got 3rd place in the first fifa world cup in 1930
i think it 's a great sport . i think it 's interesting that the us women 's soccer team is n't even in the us .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen the world cup , but i do know that the us women 's team has never placed below third place in the world cup since 1991 .
i think it 's because soccer is slang for association football .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing there are no net economic gains for countries that host the world cup .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of money .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm sure there are some soccer fans that host the olympics or world cup .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a great sport .
i think it would be a good idea .
i think it 's a great sport . i think it 's funny that the us women 's soccer team is n't really doing well in the us .
i think he has a patent on that extreme lean in some of his dance moves .
i think he was a great performer . i think he was a great performer .
i think it 's funny that babies dance when they hear music . i wonder if they are able to dance to the beat of the music they hear .
i think that 's the best way to do it . i think it 's funny that michael jackson tried to make a movie about him .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's true . i 'm sure it 's true that babies dance when they hear music .
i agree . i think it 's a great way to put it in the air .
i think it 's a calming color . i think it 's funny that babies dance when they hear music .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a song .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i like metallica . i like metallica .
i like metallica . i think i 've heard a lot of rush and neil young .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've ever heard any of them .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great way to make a movie about the sun .
i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms
i think it 's a great idea .
you too !
you too !
i have not . i have n't read her books . i have n't read her books .
she is a author of a book called " the author of the book " the woman 's book " .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i agree , i think libraries are a great thing , i think libraries are a great invention , i think libraries are a great invention , there are more libraries than mcdonalds in the us
i agree . i think libraries are a great way to help people . i think libraries are a great way to help people .
i agree , i think that is a great idea , i think its great that norway has a great collection of books , you can buy 1000 copies of books and distribute them to libraries across the country
i agree . i think it is a great idea . i think it is great that a library can borrow things like sewing machines and other things .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's great that a library can actually borrow things like sewing machines and other items .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i agree . i think it 's great that a man falsely imprisoned man falsely imprisoned and studied law at the library to prove his innocence .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is great that a man falsely imprisoned man spent most of his time studying law and became a lawyer to help others in his village .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck .
i have not but i have heard of it .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was a goldfish ?
that is crazy , i wonder if they have a lot of salt water fish in it .
i think it is a great idea . there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal .
i wonder if they can eat prey twice its size and ten times its weight .
i think it 's a good idea . there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal .
yeah it was nixon and he was the only one to do that
yeah , i heard about that . i think it was a good idea .
yeah , i heard about that . i think it was a good idea .
yeah , i think it was a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a candy desk in the senate ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a candy desk in the senate ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a good reason for that .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they ever had a woman on the court ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was upset about the democrat party .
i did not know that . i wonder why he did that .
i think he is , i think he is the richest president in history
i did not know that . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house .
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if the president of indonesia has ever released a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
i think it is a great idea . i wonder if the president of zimbabwe has a president that is a president .
i wonder if he ever visited the white house ?
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that teddy roosevelt was a republican and democrat .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i think that is a very interesting fact . did you know that every president with a beard has been a republican ?
yes that is pretty recent . nice chat
i love reading . i love reading . i love reading .
i have not read it but i have read the book . i have n't read it .
i have not . i have n't read it either . i have n't read the book .
i have not . i have not read starship troopers .
yeah , i 've read the book . i 've never read it .
yeah , i wonder if they have a moral panic like that .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they read the lord of the rings ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i do . i love the internet . i have a lot of interesting facts about the internet .
i think i have read that before . i wonder if it 's a hamburger ?
i think it is called the hamburger button .
i have not heard of that before . i wonder if it is the hamburger button ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's a hamburger button ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have 3 g cell service at the top of mt . everest .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's a good thing there is a copy of the internet saved in case it ever burns down .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have a good reason for that .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because of the constant novelty from clicking links on the internet .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i think it would be a good idea .
i love bill murray . i love him in groundhog day .
i love bill murray , he is a great actor , i love him in ghostbusters and groundhog day
i love comedy . i love the comedy roasts they have been around since 1989 .
i do n't know , but i do know that the python programming language was named after the british comedy group .
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's worth it though .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i did like it .
i do n't think it was that great . i do n't think it won a golden globe for best comedy series .
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i liked it , did you ever play nintendo ?
i think it was a great show , i think it won a golden globe for best comedy series
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i liked it , i liked it a lot better
i did . i loved that show . it was a great show .
i did , i thought it was a great movie , i liked it a lot better , i think it was a great movie , i like it a lot better than the british comedy group
i think it would have been a different movie . i would have loved to have seen it .
i 'm not sure . i do know that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , did you ever play nintendo ?
i did , i was a fan of the nes , it was a lot more than that now
i did , i was sad when it came out in 1985
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think its a great show , i like the nes , you know that ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he did nt have the presidential look
i think it was a great system .
yeah , i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , the nes was all about great game play
i do n't really know much about tennis . i do know that in 1969 they used helicopters to dry the grass tennis courts for the 1969 us open .
i do n't really know much about polo shirts . i do know that polo shirts were invented for tennis players .
i do n't know much about tennis . i do know that polo shirts were originally invented for tennis .
i love tennis . i love learning about gael monfils . he learned how to play tennis at age 40 .
i do n't know much about tennis . i do know that gael monfils beat the " roger federer of paddle tennis " after learning how to play tennis .
i think i 've heard of that before . i wonder if it was any good ?
i know right ! i wonder how long it lasted .
i know right ! i wonder if it was arthur ash ?
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was a great writer and i love to read .
i do n't know much about it . i do know that the world record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute .
i love to read . i love to read . i love to read .
i 'm not sure . i 've read the book starship troopers .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's on netflix ?
yeah i guess they were really bad poetry . do you like reading ?
i have not . i wonder if they have any good sci fi novels ?
i have not . i have not read the book . i have read the book .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that there was a moral panic in the 18th century because of the spread of novels .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of novels .
i have not . i have n't read it . i have n't read it .
i think he was a great comedian . i think he was a great comedian .
i like the black man . i like the black man . i like the black man .
i like the simpsons , i think it 's funny that they tried to remake it in the uk but it was cancelled after 10 episodes
you too !
you too !
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i think it 's funny that elsa was the villain in frozen .
yeah it was really good , it was really nice chatting with you
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think he is a great player . he is a very talented person .
yeah , i think that was the case of her .
i think he was a great player , i think he was a great performer , he had a great voice in the movie
i think that is a great idea , i think its a great movie , i m guessing its a great movie , i m guessing its a great movie , its been great chatting with you
i think she is a great performer , i think she is a great performer , she is a great performer
i think it 's sad that she died at age 76 years ago .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good thing that she did n't have to worry about it .
i think it is a great idea , i think its a great thing to do , you know that the brain is a species of tumor and a billionth the size of the biggest human body in its skin
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good thing that the brain is not in the water .
i think that is a great idea , i think its a great idea , you can also use facebook as a social platform , its a great thing that can be dangers in the brain
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it , but i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think that is a great idea . i do n't think i 've ever seen it .
i think that is a great idea , i would be upset if i had a free whopper .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to make suggestions and alterations .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they are still using facebook to rewrite their constitution
i think that is a good idea , i do n't like the way facebook is going to be done , i do n't like the way facebook is going to be in the us , i think it is a great idea , i think it is a great idea .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite .
i do n't really know much about dc .
i do n't know much about the weather . i do know that the forecast is named after the explorer who founded detroit .
i think it 's sad that the sun is not the only one to have a christmas day
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the weather is so hot that it 's not the same as the weather .
i think it 's a great idea . i 've read the book starship troopers .
no , i have n't . what is it about ?
i have not . i have not read it .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day .
i agree . i love the first customer spent $ 27.95 and got a building named after him .
i did not know that . i wonder why he did that ?
i think he is a great guy . i wonder if he ever ordered the clock that jeff bezos built into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he ever got a job or if he was in the warehouse .
i would love to visit there !
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a good reason for that .
i did not know that . i did n't know that amazon owns imdb .
i did not know that . i did know that amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is worth it ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the obesity problem .
you too !
i do n't know much about him . i know ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i know right , i wonder how many pairs of shoes he went through in a week
yeah i think that is really cool , i wonder if he was a ballet dancer in high school
yeah , he was a great dancer . he was also a great dancer .
i know right , i wonder if he ever had a baby dance , i wonder if he ever had a dance skills skills or if he was a good dancer
i agree . i wonder if he ever had a patent on a device that helped him with his extreme leans in his dance moves
yeah , i think he was a great dancer .
yeah he was a great dancer . he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958
yeah , i guess he was a great actor . did you know there was a sequel to the incredibles ?
yes , i have . it was a video game called incredibles : rise of the underminer .
i have not . i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet .
i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor , i like the movie the movie , the director of the movie , the director of the movie , the director of the movie , the incredibles ,
i have n't seen it yet , i have n't seen it yet . i guess it 's set in the 1960s .
i have n't seen it yet . i have seen the first one .
i have n't seen it yet , but i have seen the first one . i guess it 's good to have a sequel to the incredibles .
i think it 's funny that brad bird intentionally used artists who were likely to either quit or be fired from pixar ; because he believed only they could create everything that he needed .
i do n't know , i do know that the director of the movie , i think it was the incredibles 2 , i think it was the sequel to the movie , i think it was really good
i think it 's funny that brad bird intentionally used artists who were likely to either quit or be fired from pixar ; because he believed only they could create everything that he needed .
i have n't seen it yet , but i have seen it . i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet . have you ?
i have n't seen it either . i have heard that the director of the movie is the voice of violet parr in the movie .
i have not . i have heard of her . i have n't heard of her . i know she is a bestselling author of historical nonfiction .
i have not . i have heard of her . she is a bestselling author of historical nonfiction .
you too !
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really like the nfl . i do n't really like the game .
i do n't watch much tv . i do watch the superbowl .
i think it would be cool if they had a female player in the nfl , i would be interested to see a female player in the nfl
i think that is a great idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think it would be cool if they had a female player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a very sexist rule . i think it is a very outdated rule .
i think it 's a little sexist . i think it 's a silly rule .
yeah , that is a very strange rule . i wonder if they have any cheerleaders like the saints cheerleaders .
i think that is a very outdated rule , i think that is a great idea , i think that is a great idea , i think that is a great idea , i think that is a great idea , i think that would be a great idea to keep a woman in the game
i think that is a good point . i think it 's sexist that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a very sexist industry .
i think it is a good thing to do . i think it is a great way to keep track of the game .
i think it 's a good thing he has a book about his tb12 method .
i think he is a great player . he has a book called the tb12 method .
i have not . i have not read it but i have heard it is a book .
i have not read it but i have heard it is a book about the tb12 method .
i have not read it but i have heard it is a book about the tb12 method .
i have not . i have heard of it . i have n't read it .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player , he has a book called the tb12 method , have you read it ?
i 'm doing well . do you like music ?
i do n't know much about it . i do know that a group of climbers reached the top of britain 's highest mountain and found a piano .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i think it was in 1930 , so i do n't know if i could play it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the same piano that was found on top of britain 's highest mountain ?
i wonder if it was the same piano that was played on the piano ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was a piano .
i wonder if it was the same piano that was made out of aluminum ?
i wonder if it was the same piano that was made out of aluminum ?
i think it was the airship hindenburg . it was a very heavy piano .
i think it 's crazy that the track of the tracks on the tracks track of the genus of bats .
i do n't know . i do know that the soundtrack for o brother , where art thou is certified 8 times platinum .
i think that was the movie daft punk . they were friendly .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have heard that the soundtrack for the movie is actually named after the genus of phil collins .
i have not . i have heard that phil collins recorded the english language in the english language .
i think he recorded the soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i agree , i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player as well , i think he was a great player as well , i agree he recorded the english version of the tarzan soundtrack in 5 different languages
you too !
i do n't listen to the radio much anymore . i do listen to a lot of music .
i think it 's cool that tupac shakur 's music is in the library of congress for cultural significance
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i did not know that . i did n't know that . i wonder if he was any good .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was any good ? i 'm sure he was a fan of eminem , he was a great rapper .
i think he 's a great rapper . i think he 's a great rapper .
i think he was a great comedian , i think he was a great comedian , i think he had a great sense of humor , i think he was a great comedian , i think he had a great sense of humor
i do like him . i think he is a great actor .
i think he was in the movie groundhog day .
i have not . i have not seen it .
i have n't seen it but i have seen some of the movies and i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have n't seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . what is it about ?
i think it 's funny that 3rd rock from the sun beat out seinfeld , friends , and frasier for best comedy series in 1997
i think that was a great show , i think it won a golden globe for best comedy series , i think it was a great show , i like seinfeld and frasier
i agree . i think it 's funny that ryan stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy .
i agree . i think he was a great comedian .
i agree . i love the movie hangover , pineapple express , and also harold and kumar .
i 'm not a fan of tom cruise . i do like tom cruise .
i 'm not sure , but he 's a great actor . he 's also the highest paid actor ever for a movie .
i agree . tom hanks is the man who is the wealthiest man in the world .
i 'm sure he has . i also like tom hanks , he 's the man who is the wealthiest man in the world .
i 'm sure he was . he spent $ 10 million on an underground bunker to protect himself from aliens .
he was an actor and he spent less than $ 10 million on an underground bunker to protect himself from aliens
he spent 2 years learning japanese and swordplay in preparation for the filming of the last samurai .
i think he was a great actor . he was a great actor .
i like him too . he is a great actor . he is a great actor .
i love the movie risky too . seinfeld is the best actor ever .
i love tom cruise . he is a great actor .
i think he is a great actor . he is a great actor .
i think he was a great actor . he was a great actor .
i think he was a great actor . he was a great actor .
i think he was in the movie too . he was a great actor .
he was a great actor . he was a great actor .
i think he was a great guy . i think he was a great performer .
yeah , i think he was a great actor . he was a great actor .
i think he is a great actor , he has a net worth of over 100 billion dollars
you too !
i love to travel . i love to travel . i love to travel .
i love iceland , i love iceland , they have no public rail service and have no public rail service
i love to travel . i love to travel . i love to travel .
i would love to travel around the world , i would love to travel around the world
i have not been but i hear they are creating a bus that can travel 160 mph
i have not been but i have been to japan and i have not been there .
i have not been but i have been to japan . i would love to visit the dutch bus that goes 160 mph .
i would love to ride a bus that goes 160 mph .
i would love to ride that bus . i would love to ride that bus .
i would love to ride that bus . i would love to ride that bus .
i have not been but i have been there twice . i have been there twice in michigan .
i have been there , but i have been there twice . i have been there twice , but i have been there .
i have been there , but i have been there twice . i have been there twice , but i have been there .
i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i have been to japan but i have not been there . i have been to japan but i have not been there .
i have not been but i hear it cost $ 300 to travel across japan
i think it would be a great way to travel around the country . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel to japan and see the _unk of the beautiful cities !
i would love to travel to japan , i would love to visit japan and see the tolls
i would love to ride a dog . i would love to have one of those .
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet .
i have not seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it in a long time .
i have not seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet . i do know that the first movie was dubbed in navajo .
i think it 's crazy that 20th century fox thought it was going to flop .
that 's a lot of money ! i wonder if the lines were worth a lot more than the original ones .
i think he was the first person to do that . i wonder if he was able to do that .
i know right ! he was the first actor to do so in the history of the movie , and then became the first movie he got paid $ 7,500 !
i know right ! it was the first movie to be dubbed in navajo
i think that the original trilogy was a great actor , i think the original trilogy was a great movie , i think the original trilogy is a great actor
i think google is a great company . i think it is a great idea .
i think she deserved it . she 's a very accomplished husband .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do . i love google . they have goats for their headquarters .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google used goats to mow their lawn instead of hiring people .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if google is one of the most expensive search engines
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if google is still around .
i 'm not sure . i do know that google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 .
i think it is a great idea . a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and 11 other astronauts to the moon .
you too !
you too !
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that nevada is the only state to have a " none of these candidates " voting option .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the taller candidate has won the election 75 % of the time .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the taller candidate has won the election 75 % of the time .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that nevada is the only state to have a " none of these candidates " voting option for presidential elections .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that nevada is the only state to have a " none of these candidates " voting option .
i agree . i think it 's sad that voter turnout has n't reached 63 % in the last 100 years .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that international observers were blocked from the polls in 2012 .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a polling booth in india that is in a forest full of lions .
i wonder if that is the case in india where all the people in the country were able to vote from the polls in 1918 .
i think that is a good idea . i think that is a good idea . i think that is a good thing .
i think that is a very strange thing to do . i wonder if they have a democracy in the us .
i think that is a great way to do that . i think it 's funny that the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if she was in the same category as hillary clinton .
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if she would adopt a southern drawl when she was campaigning in the southern states .
i think she is a very accomplished person . she also was a democrat .
i think she is a very accomplished person . she also was a democrat .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure she has a lot of good ideas . she even won a grammy for best spoken word album in her book .
you too !
i think it 's interesting that the sun is the hottest part of the sun .
i think it 's interesting that the sun is the largest natural satellite in the world .
i think it 's interesting that the sun is the hottest part of the sun .
i have not . i have heard that the sun is very old fashioned .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the atmosphere and the moon .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the atmosphere and the moon .
i think that is a very short amount of time . i think it 's crazy that if earths entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period , humans only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the aliens ever have aliens ?
i agree , i think that is a great thing to do , i think its a great fact that 80 % of earths natural forest have been destroyed
i think that is very sad . i think it 's sad that humans only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds of the earths history of the earths history of the earths history .
i think that is very sad . i wonder if we 'll ever be able to find a way to determine if we are going to be here .
i think that is very sad . i wonder if the aliens ever have aliens living in the water ?
i wonder if aliens ever met the aliens ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the dust is the same as the moon dust .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a very good idea .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it is a good idea . i think it 's funny that moon dust can cut through kevlar like material and can cut through kevlar .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because the moon is the largest moon ?
i would like to know more about that . i wonder if it is on mars ?
i wonder if they have a moon that is the largest moon ?
i have not . i have been to a couple of cars .
i would love to have a flame thrower on my car !
i would love to have a flame thrower like that !
i would love to have a flame thrower on my car .
i would like to know more about that . i wonder if it is because of the fact that the internet is a device that can be picked up by aliens .
i agree . i wonder if people can become addicted to the video game gran turismo .
i do n't know . i do know that there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound .
i do n't know , but i know that he became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo .
wow , that is crazy !
wow that is crazy ! i wonder if karl benz ever envisioned that ?
i think it was the ford model t , which was the first car to be available to the masses .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if karl benz ever envisioned that .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was a model or something .
i think it was named after a french explorer who founded detroit .
i do n't know , but i know a french explorer named antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i do n't know , but i know that cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i did n't know that . i wonder if cadillac is named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit ?
i think it was the ford model t , it was a great chat !
you too !
you too !
i do n't really watch it much anymore . i do n't have a favorite .
i do nt know , i m a fan of the cowboys , i m a fan of the cowboys , i m a fan of the cowboys , what about you ?
i do nt know , i do nt know much about tebow , i know he is a great player , he is a great player
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think its a great sport , you can always enjoy it , you can always hear it .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite team . i do n't know if i have ever seen one though .
i think it is funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it works or if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i think it was to intimidate the other team , i think it was a calming color , i think it was a calming color
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if he ever played in the game .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was for the superimposed yellow line ?
i think that was back in 1916 .
yeah , i think that was back in the 1960s .
yeah , i guess they did nt have a chance to win a game or even score a touchdown .
yeah , i think that was the best move in the history of the game .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's a great player .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a very good story .
i think he is a great qb . i think he is the only one in the nfl .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that there was a high school football team that was burning down to 65 degrees in the game .
i think that is a good point . have a good one .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a little too big for me . i think it 's interesting that google 's search requires a deaf dog to donate his secret room to a dog .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever heard anything about it . i 'm sure it 's a good thing we have a lot of things to do with internet .
i think that 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that neopets was the 4th most trafficked site on the internet .
i 'm not sure . i 've heard that neopets is the three horizontal line menu on apps and websites .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen a neopets , i guess it 's a good thing in finland
i do n't know , but i do know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button .
that 's crazy ! i wonder if the internet ever went down in 1995 ?
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet saved in case it ever burns down .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's great that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives .
i think that is a great idea ! i think it 's funny that the three wealthiest presidents were tellus and telluris !
i agree . google is a dog company . they are a dog company .
i think that 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that dogs can learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps .
i agree ! i wonder if the dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing
i think he was a dog person . i think he was a dog person . i think he was a dog person .
i 'm sure he was . i wonder if he was a dog person ?
i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the animals in the world . i 've heard that dogs have a white patch on their backs .
i think he was . i think he was a great player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the dog is the most protected species in the world .
i think that is a very interesting story .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they ever had a soviet union before the soviet union sent a spacecraft to venus .
i think that is a very interesting fact .
i think that is a very interesting fact .
i do n't know much about him , but i know that kellan moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl
i do n't know much about him , but i know that kellan moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl
i think that is really cool . i wonder if he was a deaf qb ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because there 's only one left handed qb in the nfl
i think it was paul hubbard , he was deaf and did not want the other team to read his hand signals
ya i think he was , i think he was deaf and did it so the other team could n't read his hand signals
yeah he was really good at halo 3 , he was a great halo 3 player , he was a great halo 3 player
i did not know that , i wonder if he was really good at halo 3
ya i think it was back in 1916 , i think it was back in 1916
ya i think bowling is a lot more popular back then , i guess bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
ya i think bowling is a lot more popular back then , i guess bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
ya i think that is wild , i think it would be cool if they had female players in the nfl , i would be so mad if i could make a pro bowler haha
yeah , i think that was back in 1916 , i think it was back in 1916
i know right , that is crazy , i wonder if the patriots ever played against the patriots
i know , right ? i think it 's crazy that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i agree , i think it is a great sport , i think its a great sport and a great sport , i love the sport and the game , its really interesting how the saints treat their cheerleaders
i think that is a good point . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a very violent sport .
you too !
i do , i love the guitar , i love the guitar , what about you ?
i do n't know , i do know that queen uses coins as guitar picks
i do n't know if i could play the guitar , but i do know that matthew bellamy from muse holds the record for most smashed guitars on tour .
i think it would be cool to play the guitar , i think it would be cool to play the guitar with a coin
i think it 's cool that eddie van halen set the studio speakers on fire when he recorded the guitar solo for " beat it "
i think he has a phd in astrophysics .
i do n't know , but i do know that pink floyd turned a boat into a floating studio .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i love pink floyd , i think they are great .
yeah . do you know the album hybrid theory ?
i like pink floyd , i think they are a great band , i like pink floyd , what about you ?
i do n't know , i do know that linkin park 's " hybrid theory " is the best selling album of the 21st century
i think that is a great album , i wonder if they are any good , i wonder if they are any good
i think it 's cool that reel big fish re - recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard of them .
i think it 's a great album . i think it 's cool that reel big fish re - recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label .
i wonder if they are any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they were any good ?
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i would love to hear that too ! i wonder if the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down
i do . i love it . did you know that students in the usa were required to read the bible as part of their elementary education ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if jefferson and john quincy adams did that in the bible
yeah he did not believe in resurrection and miracles
yeah . jefferson also created his own version of the bible
yeah . do you know much about the bible ?
yes that is the reason why it is the case for the bible
yeah . do you know the tower of babel ?
yes it is the etemenanki in iraq
yeah . did you know roosevelt and quincy did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies ?
yeah . did you know roosevelt and quincy did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies ?
yeah . do you know much about the bible ?
yes that is true . do you know the tower of babel ?
yeah . do you know who the highest all time box office star is ?
yes i do . do you know who the highest all time box office star is ?
yes that is the guy that has done so much for his movies
yes it was a good movie . it was nice chatting with you
yes it was a good movie , it was a good movie but it made $ 309
yeah . do you know who the most expensive box office flops are ?
yeah . do you like disney movies ?
yeah . do you know who the most expensive box office flops are ?
i do like pink floyd , i think they are a great band , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i love listening to albums . i like listening to bill evans .
i love linkin park , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i love linkin park , i love metallica , i love metallica , i love metallica , i love metallica and i love metallica
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
that is amazing . i wonder if it was still around in the year 2014
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i think its great how there are over 750 episodes of pokemon
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think it 's crazy that there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart neither appears nor is mentioned .
i think i have seen that one , i think it was really funny , i think it was really funny , i wonder if they ever had a different guest appearance as narrator ?
i did , i liked it , i liked it a lot , i liked it a lot , i liked it a lot , i liked it a lot , i also liked it , i liked it a lot
i think i have seen it , i think it was a great show , i think i have seen it before , i think it was really good , i think it was really funny , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great narrators
i do nt know , i do nt know if i have ever seen it , there is a free website with thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas
i think i have read that before , i think it is a great show , i love the show unbreakable kimmy schmidt , i like the office , have you seen it ?
yes he is a great actor and one of his students was ellie kemper
yeah , i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
yeah i think that is a great reason to do that . do you like jim carrey ?
yeah i think that is a good thing , i think he is a great actor , i think he has a great voice
i do n't know , i do know a guy who wore 70 items of clothing in a chinese airport to avoid bagging charge
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it was worth it ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a clothing line ?
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have a clothing line ?
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have any clothes for clothes ?
i would love to see that ! i wonder if the president of zimbabwe 's name was banana ?
i wonder if president banana was the only president to have a phd ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's the wealthiest president in the history of the us .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if trump is one of the wealthiest presidents in history ?
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if the president of indonesia has a pop album ?
i think that is a great idea . 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that until 1805 the runner up automatically became vice president .
i did n't know that . i wonder if that means something else in their language ?
i would have to agree with you on that . i would be upset if i had a facebook account . i would have to be running for a free whopper .
i do n't really use facebook . i do n't use it as much as i used to . i do n't use facebook .
i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it as much as i used to . i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't know . i know that facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i did n't know that . i wonder why facebook is blue ?
you too !
i think that 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that 80 % of the earths natural forest have been destroyed .
i think that is sad . i think we should be destroying the earth .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the days will be longer than the earth 's rotation ?
i think it 's because of the trade , but i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's because of the atmosphere , but i 'm not sure .
i think he 's a very intelligent man .
i think that is a great law , i wonder if they have a law that requires all radio stations to play at least 40 % canadian music
i think he was a smart man . he was a very intelligent man .
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts jupiter 's radio storms
i think that 's a great law . i wonder if they have a law that prevents us from being in the same restaurant as the original ones
i wonder if they have a radio station that plays 40 % of the music on the radio
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
yeah , i wonder if they have a bunch of justin bieber 's songs .
i think so too . i think it 's funny that the us government owns 86 % of the land in nevada .
i wonder if they have a bunch of justin bieber 's " storms " on jupiter ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have any good songs .
i would love to listen to that station . i wonder if they have a special radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i think it would be interesting to listen to a show about the universe .
have a good day !
i think that is a great point , i wonder if he is a model or something , maybe he is a model
i think he is a great qb , he has a great record , he has never eaten a strawberry
i think he is a great qb , he has never eaten a strawberry in his life
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb , he is a great qb
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , i think he is a great player , he is a great player
i think it 's a great idea . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think he is a great player , i think he is a great player , he is a great player , i think he is a great player
i would love to see that one ! i would be so upset if i had to pick it up .
i wonder if he is allergic to strawberries ?
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb , i think he is a great qb
i do n't know , but i do know that tom brady is a great qb .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the author of game of thrones called the patriots the lannisters of the nfl .
i think he is a great player , he is the best coach in the nfl , he is the winningest coach in the nfl
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the author of the game of thrones is the best - selling actor ever .
haha ya i agree , i do like the patriots , i think the lannisters are the bad guy , i think that s awesome that they are the lannisters of the nfl
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay .
i agree , i think it is a great sport , i think its great that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime
i think that is a good point . i think it 's crazy that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think that is a great point , i think it is a great sport , i think it is a great sport , i think its a great sport , i think its a great sport and a great sport
i am well , thanks . do you like politics ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the dixie chicks ?
i think he was a very intelligent man .
i think he was a great ceo , he was a great ceo , he was a great ceo
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the simpsons ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a good person .
he is a very accomplished man . he 's been around for a while .
he 's been around for a long time . he 's been around for a while .
he was born in 1994 , so he was born in 1994 .
i think he is a great player . he is a very talented man .
i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a very intelligent man .
i think he is a great example of the military and the military .
i think he is a great player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the simpsons ?
i would love to find some old baseball cards . i would love to find some old baseball cards .
i think he was a very accomplished person . i think he was a very intelligent man .
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it 's because of the fact that 80 % of the earths natural forest have been destroyed .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a scientist ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it will be the same to the earth .
you too !
you too !
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was a great player .
i do n't know much about him . i do n't know if i 've ever seen him in any of his movies .
he is a great player . he is a great dad .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think that is a good idea . i do n't think i 've seen any news in particular .
i do . i have a facebook account .
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much .
i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much .
i do n't use it much either . i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it as much as i used to .
i think it 's crazy that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005 .
i think i have heard about that before , i think it 's crazy that it started back in 2004
i 'm not sure . i do know that jeff built a clock in a mountain that should run for 10,000 years .
i have not , what is it ?
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've ever seen it , but i know it 's a very expensive purchase .
i would love to have a clock in that mountain !
yeah , i heard he spent $ 27.95 and got a building named after him .
i think he did a great job with the internet . he was born in 1977 .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i did not know that . i wonder why it is so hot ?
i know , it 's been nice chatting with you !
i do . do you ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any cars in the world .
i think it was because soldiers were not allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues .
i did n't know that . i wonder if cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i did n't know that . i wonder if cadillac 's car was named after the french explorer who founded detroit .
i did n't know that . i wonder if karl benz ever had a mercedes - benz patent - motorwagen ?
i think it was the ford model t , which was the first car available to the masses .
i think it was in 1975 .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have flamethrowers on their cars like they do in south africa .
i would love to have a flame thrower like that . i would love to melt the snow on the driveway .
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if karl benz ever envisioned that .
i think it 's crazy that flamethrowers are legal in south africa to prevent carjacking .
i think it 's crazy that jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo .
i know , right ? i wonder how many people were able to do that .
i know , i would have loved to have seen that game .
i know right ! i wonder how many people were able to do that !
i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i do n't know much about clothing . i do know that apple had a clothing line in 1986 .
you too !
you too !
i do , i love amazon , i love it , what about you ?
yeah i guess it makes sense . did you know they have a publishing arm ?
yeah i guess he is a good guy . do you know why he built a clock in a mountain ?
yeah and it is supposed to run for 10 000 years
yeah . did you know they own imdb ?
yeah i wonder too . they deliver on sundays now too
yeah . do you shop on amazon ?
yeah . do you know who the first customer of amazon is ?
yeah . do you know who the emperor of japan is ?
yeah and they walk up to 15 miles a day
yeah . harrison schmitt was the only scientist to walk on the moon
i have not but i hear he was a scientist
yeah i think he was the only one to do that , he was the only scientist to walk on the moon
i have no idea , who was it ?
i have not read that one . i do know that cs lewis and tolkien held " you laugh you lose " competitions when reading terrible poetry .
yes it was the world wide web , it was invented in 1989
yeah , i wonder if he was the president of the world that was the head coach in the world
yeah . do you know who invented the world record for speed reading ?
i do . i love reading . i love reading .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that the world record for the world wide web was invented by a scientist in 1989 .
i do n't really watch soccer , but i do know that the city set to host the 2022 qatar fifa world cup does n't even exist yet !
i think it is crazy that qatar is hosting it , i wonder why they do n't have a city for that
i 'm not sure . i think it 's crazy that there is no economic gains for countries that host the world cup .
i think it 's crazy that the us got 3rd place in the first fifa world cup in 1930
i think the us women 's team is better than the men 's team .
i think the us women 's team is better than the men 's team .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's crazy that the hungary national football team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956 and that was the world cup final .
i did n't know that . i wonder why americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football .
i do n't know . i do know that soccer makes more money than football , basketball , baseball , golf , tennis , and hockey combined .
i think it 's crazy that there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time .
i think it 's funny that jon stewart was a skilled soccer player in college .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a great player . he donated his entire bonus to pay for surgeries for kids in brazil .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a great player . i 'm sure he was a great player .
i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , i think he got a great career in the movie
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's a great actor . i 'm sure he 's a great actor .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i do n't think i 've ever listened to that show . i do n't think i 've seen it .
you too !
i did n't . i did n't know that .
i have n't . i have n't read the comics in the past . i have n't read the comics yet .
i did n't know that . i do n't think i 've seen the movie .
i think i have read that before , i think it 's funny that dc stands for detective comics , i wonder if they have any marvel comics
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that dc stands for detective comics , i think that 's a really cool name
i think it stands for detective comics , i think it 's because of the name of the comics
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think its great that michael jackson tried to buy marvel comics so he could play spiderman
i think i 've seen that before , i think it 's funny that dc stands for detective comics , i wonder if they have any marvel comics like batman or dc comics
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a lot of money , i guess dc comics paid off dc comics for $ 130
i think dc comics stands for detective comics , i think they are really popular .
yeah , i bet they were worth a lot more now .
yeah , i wonder if they have a bunch of episodes . did you know there is an episode of the simpsons where bart does not appear ?
i do n't , i do n't have cable , but i do use it all the time .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it , but i do know there are 750 episodes of pokemon , that 's about 50 a year for 16 years straight
wow that is a lot of episodes , i wonder if homer ever appeared in the first 400 episodes of the simpsons
i did n't know that , i wonder if he ever got into that show , i wonder if he ever got a good job or something lol
i know right , i wonder if he ever got a job or something lol
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i 'm not sure , i do n't think it 's worth it , but i do know that homer simpson is the best .
i think they have a lot of famous voices , i think they have a great voice , i think they have a great voice
i do ! i love watching the simpsons , i love the simpsons , how about you ?
i do n't watch much tv . i do n't watch much tv . i do n't have cable but i do know there are 750 episodes of pokemon .
i do n't really like that show . i do like that 70 's show .
i think it was a great show , i think it was really popular in the us
i think i 've seen it before , but i 'm not sure if i 've seen it . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i did , i think it was great ! i think it was great chatting with you !
i love the simpsons ! there is only one episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned !
i wonder if he ever got to see that episode ?
i wonder if he ever appeared in the episode of the simpsons where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned .
i think that is hilarious , i wonder if he ever got a job or something ?
i think he was the emperor of japan , he was a scientist and still publishes papers
i think he is the emperor of japan , he is a scientist and he is a scientist
i think he is a scientist . he is a scientist .
i think he was a great scientist , he was a great scientist , he was a scientist and a scientist
i do n't own a dog , but i do n't own one . i do n't have a dog . i do n't have a dog .
i do n't know if i have a dog . i do n't have pets . i do n't have pets .
i 'm not sure . i do know theodore roosevelt had over 20 pets including a bear and a hyena .
i think it 's funny that the first cloned pet was a cat , so i guess it was a cat .
i agree . i love dogs . i love dogs . i love dogs . i love dogs .
i 'm not sure . i do know that the emperor of japan is a scientist .
i 'm sure there are more tigers living as pets than there are tigers living as pets in asia .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i wonder if president banana of zimbabwe was a republican or a democrat ?
i wonder if that is the case in the white house .
i wonder if he was a guest of the white house , or if he was a guest of the white house
i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
haha ya i would like to hear that , i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i wonder if they ever had a president like the runner up becoming the vice president like the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the vice president .
i would love to see trump and hillary working together !
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea for the country .
yeah , i think that would be a good idea . i would love to see a trump / hillary combo .
yeah , i think that would be a good idea .
i think that is a very silly nickname . i wonder if he was a republican or democrat ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000 .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000 .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i 'm sure there 's a lot of politics in the us .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that nevada is the only state to have a " none of these candidates " voting option .
i think that s a good question , i do nt know , i think its a great idea , you know that in athens officials were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to an oligarchy
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that in athens officials were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to an oligarchy .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the electoral college ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good idea .
i do not know much about him . i do know that he is the best rapper in the world .
i am a fan of bruce lee , he was a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958
i am a fan of bruce lee , he was a great dancer
i think he was a great dancer .
i think he was a great dancer , he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958
i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor
i think he was a ballet dancer in high school .
i think he was a great rapper . i wonder if he went through 4 pairs of ballet shoes a week .
i know , i would have never guessed that .
i would have loved to see that . i wonder if he ever went through the ballet slippers that make drawings from the dancer 's movements .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good dancer ?
i wonder if he ever danced ballet in high school . tupac danced ballet in high school .
i think he was a great dancer . i think he had a patent on a device that helped him with his extreme leans in his dance moves .
i think he was a great dancer .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i do n't know . i do know that straight outta compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that the singer died at age 40 .
i do n't think i 've seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think i have heard of that before . i think it 's funny that the simpsons have a lot of episodes .
i think it 's interesting that the american football team is called the " american football " , and i think it 's called the american football association football .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the american football team is not actually in the us .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the american football association football has become more popular than american football .
i think it 's interesting that the us has a lot of different types of football like rugby and gaelic football .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the nfl has a lot of different types of football .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the us has a lot of different types of football .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that the us is trying to teach us how to teach them how to play .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the us has a lot of different types of animals .
i agree . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think it 's a great way to teach the school and students to teach them how to manage their school .
i think that is a great point . i think it 's funny that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i am a fan of the patriots . i love the eagles . i love the eagles .
i 'm a fan of the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i think that is a great team , i think it is a great sport , i like the team , i like the team , what about you ?
yeah , i bet they were upset about that . i wonder if they were any good ?
i think it 's funny that the supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor .
i have not been to the us supreme court games but i have heard they have a basketball court on the top floor .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if they have a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building .
i do n't really know much about him , i do know that tim duncan stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the nba
yeah . do you know who reggie miller is ?
yeah . do you like tim duncan ?
yeah she is a hall of famer . he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
yeah . do you like tim duncan ?
yeah . do you like allen iverson ?
yes he is getting $ 800 000 per year until he is 55
yeah . do you like iverson ?
yeah . do you like tim duncan ?
yeah . do you like lebron ?
yes he is getting $ 90 million from them
yeah . do you like lebron ?
yes he is getting $ 90 million from nike
yeah he is going to be in the sequel to space jam
i think he was right , he got a great deal from nike
wow that is a lot of money . did you know lebron signed a deal for a space jam sequel ?
i think he has a lot of money .
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
yes , it is . have a good one !
yes , i agree . i wonder if you can post a picture of the bars of service on your phone .
i agree , i think it is a great invention , i think it is great that the company has grown a lot over the years , you know ryan stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy
i do nt know , i do nt know why they do nt have many , they are a great performer ,
i do nt know , i do nt know why they do nt have a choice , do you like bill murray ?
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i like the movie green lantern , i think it was a comedy
i think that would be a great movie . i would have loved to see it .
i think he was in the movie green lantern , i think he was a great actor but i do nt think he was in it
i agree , i think he was a great comedian , he was a great comedian , i think he was a great comedian
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's a great movie .
i have nt seen it but i think it was a great movie , i liked it , i liked it a lot more than third rock from the sun
i have nt seen it but i have nt seen it , is it good ?
i did nt know that either , i wonder why it won a golden globe for best comedy series
i think that was a great show , i think it was a great show , i liked it , i liked it a lot back in the day
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i agree with you as well as well as well
i 'm not sure . i do n't think it 's worth it . i do n't think it 's funny that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i agree with you there , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie
i think it 's funny that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i agree . i think it 's funny that demetri martin dropped out of harvard law to pursue a career in comedy .
you too !
i agree , i think its a great idea , its been great chatting with you as well , have a nice day bye .
i do n't really like that show . i do n't like the 70 's show .
i like the show south park , i think it 's funny that the show was canceled after 10 episodes
i like the show , i like the show the office , i like the show the office , what about you ?
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i liked it a lot as well , i think it was really good .
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i liked it , i liked it a lot as a kid , i also liked pokemon as a kid
i have not seen any of the 750 episodes of pokemon , but i have seen some of them .
i think he was a great cinematographer , but he was a great cinematographer .
i agree . cinematography is a very useful form of entertainment .
i think it 's interesting that wong howe pioneered the use of wide - angle lenses , low - key lighting , crab dolly and deep - focus cinematography .
i do n't know , but i do know that oscar was nominated 13 times and never won .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it will ever be nominated for the academy award for best cinematography .
i do n't know , but i do know that oscar was nominated for 13 times , that is pretty crazy
yeah , i think that is the only oscar category that has never been nominated for the academy award
yeah , i wonder if there is a female nominated for the academy award for the academy award
i agree . gavin free of the hot fuzz is a classic .
i think it 's funny that gavin free of the mystery villain on the movie , the director of the movie , the director of the movie , is the director of the film
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the judge in south korea tried to ban a new show called the " granny style " .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the video or something ?
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube
i do n't know much about him . i know he was a viktor viktor viktor viktor .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he was a great band , i think he had a great career in that band , i wonder if he ever had a band like sonic the hedgehog
i think it 's interesting that rock music is the most listened to rush hour radio genre in the united states .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's true that flaming lips is the state rock song " queen " is the best rock song in the world .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of money . i 'm sure it 's a lot of money .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a joke . i wonder if they were the same band that wrote the song " sonic the hedgehog " .
i do n't know . i do know that linkin park 's " hybrid theory " is the best selling album of the 21st century .
i have not heard of them . i have heard of them .
i think it was the best selling album of 2014 .
i think it was the best selling album of 2014 .
i think that is so cool . i wonder if they are any good .
i wonder if they still hold up to the record label ?
i wonder if they were any good ?
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was a video game .
i think it was the best selling album of the 21st century .
i do like them . i love pink floyd .
you too !
you too !
i do n't really watch sports , but i do like sports .
i do n't really watch much tv . i do n't watch much tv . i do watch a lot of tv .
i do watch tv . i do n't watch tv much anymore .
i do n't know , but i do know that there is only one episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen that one .
i do n't know , but i do know there are 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think i 've seen the first few episodes . i 've never seen it .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if i 've ever seen any of the british 's tv show . i 've seen a few episodes of the 70 's show .
i did not . i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the show ?
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i did n't know that . i wonder why they did n't do it in the uk ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the actors or actresses ?
i think it would be interesting to watch . i wonder if it 's because there 's only 11 minutes of live game play in the average nfl game .
i know , right ? i do n't think i 've seen any of the commercials .
i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl has tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and inside the footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed , and location .
i think it 's cool that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it would be cool to see a female player in the nfl .
i 'm doing well . how about you ?
i do like baseball . i like baseball .
i do n't know much about baseball . i do know that managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if needed .
i think it is because they can play if needed .
yeah . do you know what kickball is called in canada ?
i think it 's called soccer - baseball in canada .
yeah , i think it 's called soccer - baseball in canada .
i think it 's called soccer baseball in canada .
i would have to agree . i would have to check it out . i wonder if they have any good baseball cards .
i do n't know , but i know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if needed .
i think it was a couple who scheduled all 2430 games each year .
i think it is , i think it is a great sport , i think its great that japan is super popular in japan
i do n't know but i know a couple who scheduled all 2430 games each year
yeah i wonder too . do you know who used to do the scheduling for major league games ?
yeah , i think it 's funny that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they ever have baseball cards like japan where they are surprised to find out it 's america 's national pastime .
i think it 's crazy that the chicago cubs were the first baseball team to win back - to - back world series .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever had a good time .
i think they have been around for a long time . i think it 's crazy that the chicago cubs were the first team to win back - to - back world series .
i think they have a great team .
yeah , i think that would be cool to see .
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of basketball ?
i 'm doing well . do you follow politics ?
i am not really a fan of politics . i do n't know if i 've ever seen her in a virginia election .
i think she is a republican . she is a republican . she is a republican .
i think she is a republican . she is a republican . she is a democrat .
i agree . i think it 's funny that trump is not in the top three richest presidents .
i agree . i think it 's funny that virginia has a virginia election that was not in place for the past .
i think he 's a great leader . i think he 's a great leader .
i agree . i think he 's a great leader .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i do n't really listen to the radio much anymore . i do n't know if i 've ever heard any of it .
i do n't listen to the radio much anymore . i do listen to the radio a lot .
i do n't listen to the radio much anymore . i do listen to the radio a lot .
i think it 's crazy that jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's crazy that jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is true .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i would love to hear that . i wonder if it 's true that jupiter storms can be picked up on am radio .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's true that radio waves can be picked up by am radio .
i think i have heard of that before , i wonder how they figured out how to make a radio out of a pencil and razorblade ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a good segment of other countries , i wonder if they have a law that requires radio stations to play 40 % canadian music
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard any of her music .
i think that would be a great idea . i would like to listen to a canadian radio station that plays 40 % of the music on the radio .
i think i have heard of that before , i think it 's pretty cool that there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i would like to listen to that site . i would like to listen to that website .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , i think he had a great sense of humor , i think he was a great player , i think he had a great sense of humor
i think he was a great player , he was a great performer , he had a lot of problems , i think he was a great player , he had a great sense of humor
i think he was a great husband , he was a great husband and a great husband , i think he was a great player , he had a lot of problems
i think he is a great performer . he is a very talented person .
i think he is a great actor , he is a great performer , he has a lot of influence , he has a lot of influence , he is a great actor
i think he was a great guy , he had a great sense of humor , i think he was a great actor , i think he had a great sense of humor
i think he is a great comedian , he is a great actor , i love him , he is a great actor
i think he is a great comedian , i think he is a great comedian , i think he is a great comedian
i think he was a great president , he was a great president and a great player , he had a lot of problems , i think he had a lot of problems , i think he was a great president
i do n't really , i do n't really like the news , i do n't really like the news , what about you ?
i think it is a great idea , i think the government is a great source of news and news , 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government
i think that is a lot of land , i wonder if it is the same as the us government
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they have a lot of secret bases , i wonder if they have a lot of secret bases or something like that
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a lot of secret bases or something like that , i wonder if they have a lot of secret bases or something like that
i agree , i think its great that norway donated a billion dollars to help save the amazon rainforest
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if the president of indonesia has a pop album like the president of indonesia
i think that s a great idea , i think its a great idea , you know wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have a good relationship with the goverment ,
that is a good point , i wonder if they have a lot of secret land in nevada , 86 % of the land
i have not read that one . i have not read it .
i think i 've read that before , i think it 's a great book . i think it 's funny that the world record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute .
i have not read it but i have heard of it . i have read a book about a book called " the tb12 method " .
i have not read that one . i have read a lot of books .
i have not . i have heard of it . i have n't read it .
i agree . i think it 's funny that cs lewis and tolkien held " you laugh you lose " competitions when reading terrible poetry .
i agree . i think it 's funny that some people can read the same poetry .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the new zealand basketball team is nicknamed the " the " tall blacks "
i think it 's funny that the creator of the fox news was a ventriloquist .
i agree . i think it 's funny that george rr martin despises fan fiction because he says that he is a fan of the show .
i think it 's funny that the foo fighters played a concert so loud it showed up on new zealand 's seismic monitors .
i think it 's a good idea . there is a wiki that ranks fictional characters by their powers .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny abba turned down 1 billion dollars to do a reunion tour .
i have not . i have not read the book . i have not read the book .
i have not read that one . i have read a lot of books . i have read a lot of books .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite .
i think i have read a few books . i have been to a few times .
i do n't know , but i do know that i have a son who is a fan of the dad and i have a son who is a dad .
i do n't have a dog . i do n't have a dog . i do n't have a dog .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do not . i do not have a problem with it .
i did not know that . i wonder how they do that .
i wonder if they have a copy of the internet ?
i think i have heard that before , i wonder how they do that .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i do know that the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i think it is because of the internet . i think it is a great way to get people to the top of mt . everest .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing . i 'm sure it 's not as high as 7 % of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure i do n't read the terms of service when buying a product or service on the internet .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure i have read the terms of service when i 'm buying a product or service on the internet .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure it 's a good thing , i 'm sure it 's a good thing that the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if i 've ever read the terms of service when i 'm buying something on the internet .
i 'm guilty of that too . i 'm guilty of not reading the terms of service when buying a product or service on the internet .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure they do n't read the terms of service when buying a product or service on the internet .
yeah , i heard that too . do you know why it took neptune to complete its first orbit around the sun ?
yeah , i think that is true . i think it 's crazy that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it is great that the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years .
i know right , i wonder how hot the sun is , a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the sun
i know right ! i think it is crazy that a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the sun .
wow that is a long time , i wonder if it is hot
i do like shoes . i think they are really useful .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that shoes can last 5000 years ago .
i do n't know much about fashion . i do know that people can tell if you need to wear clothes .
i 'm not sure . i 've heard that shoes were designed for military purposes .
i do n't know much about shoes . i do know that shoes were originally designed for decoration .
i think that shoes are very useful for people . i think it 's funny that shoes can last 5000 years ago .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that shoes were designed for function and were designed to be worn by the same person .
i think that 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i 've heard that tea bags can absorb the unpleasant odor .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's effective .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have any clothes for clothes .
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that the label says made in china , where the label says made in china .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the police have a clothing line .
i think it 's funny that pilgrims wear clothes that were originally worn by the collar gaps to tell if you are tailored .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a clothing line ?
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if they wore the same pilgrim clothing ?
i would love to have a dog . i would love to have a dog .
i love clothes . i have a lot of clothes . i have a lot of clothes .
i like clothes , i have a dog , what about you ?
i do n't have a dog . i do n't have a dog . i do n't have a dog .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that clothes can be made in north carolina by the same size as the same person .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that there is a store in alabama that sells clothes and cameras from unclaimed baggage .
i would love to see some clothes from the airport . i would love to live there .
i think it was from the 80 's . i wonder if they have any clothes there .
i do n't know . i do know that people can tell if they are tailored or not .
you too !
you too !
i do n't really know much about the movies . i do know that the star wars franchise was estimated at 65 billion dollars .
i do like the original trilogy . i think it 's a great movie .
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think its great that the 20th century was a great movie , i wonder if it was any good
i think i 've seen the first few movies , but i 'm not sure if i 've seen it . i do know that james earl jones spent only 2.5 hours recording all of darth vader 's lines for star wars .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a lot of influence in the franchise
i think she deserved it , she has a lot of great movies , i think its great that the lucas ' wife won an academy award for editing the film
i think she deserved it ! she 's a very accomplished husband though .
i think she deserved it . she 's a great husband though . she 's a very talented actress .
i think she was a great teacher . i think she was a great teacher .
i think that would be a great movie , i think it would be a great movie , i would nt be able to do that , i would nt mind it , i would nt be able to do it anymore
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think he was in the original trilogy .
i did n't know that , i wonder if they have any good movies ?
i did n't know that ! i wonder if he was in the guinness book of records for the most successful film merchandising franchise ?
i think he was the most successful actor ever .
i think he was the most successful actor ever .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was upset when he was in the movie ?
i think that is a great idea ! i wonder if the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is a good thing or not .
i think i have heard that before . i wonder if it is true .
i 'm doing great ! how are you ?
i am a fan of the nfl , are you ?
i am a fan of alex smith . he is a great player .
i do n't listen to the radio much anymore . i do listen to the radio a lot .
i do n't know . i do know that there is no rule against women playing .
i think that is so cool . i wonder if they ever have women in the nfl ?
i think that would be cool . i wonder if they would have women in the nfl .
i think that is a good point . i think it would be cool if a woman could play in the nfl .
i think that is a good point . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i know right , i think it is crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 mins of live game play
i think it is crazy that jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio .
i think they also put chips in the footballs to track velocity and rotation and such .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they use the tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record their every move on the field .
i think it 's crazy that baker mayfield almost quit football to pursue full - time competitive gaming .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good halo 3 player ?
i think he is a great qb , he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think he was a deaf qb . he was a deaf qb so the other team could n't read his hand signals .
i agree . i think it is a great sport .
you too !
i do n't know much about the environment . i do know that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that norway has a patent on a car that would help save the rainforest .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that birds bones are so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that some birds fly from alaska to mexico without sleeping when migrating .
that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly like penguins .
that is crazy , i wonder if they have a bird that can fly like the wild birds in australia
i wonder if they have a bird that can fly like a bird ?
i wonder if they have a bird that can fly like a bird or a hummingbird ?
i think it would be a good idea . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly like the dodo bird .
i wonder if they are scared of the dodo in the pigeon museum or something like that
i wonder if they ever had a rib in order to do that ?
i wonder if that is true . i wonder if it 's because of the fear of sound that causes fear in humans .
i wonder if they have a different sound . i wonder if they have a sound frequency that causes fear in humans .
i wonder if they have a lot of teeth .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it is because of gene therapy or something .
i wonder if that is true . i wonder if we can use that ability to synthesize vitamin c like humans do .
i did n't know that . i wonder if we have a lot of animals that are born in africa ?
i wonder if that is true . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that we can regrow ribs in 2 - 3 months .
yes , i agree . have a good one !
yes , i agree . i wonder if the human body was as good as the 240,000 years ago .
i do like spider man . i think he was a great guy .
i do n't know much about comic books , but i do know that michigan state university library has the largest public collection in the world .
i did n't know that , i wonder if he was a good person , i think he was a great comic book artist
yeah , i think that was back in the day .
yeah , i think that was back in the day . i wonder if he was in the comic book hall of fame ?
i think he was a great guy . i think he was a great comic book writer .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the movie justice ?
haha ya i did n't know that , i do n't know what gmail gmail gmail gmail was , i guess michigan state university library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world
i did not know that , i wonder if he was in the movie ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a very popular service .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a big fan of spider - man .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen him in a movie or two , what about you ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a big fan of spiderman .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i do like the movie black panther , what about you ?
i do n't have cable but i do like the movie space jam .
i have not seen it but i have seen it before , it was a great movie , i think it was the highest grossing movie ever
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet . i did see the lego movie .
same here , have a good one
i am not really sure . i know there are stars that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i think that is a great idea , i think we should learn more about the universe and we can learn about the universe
i think i have read that before , i think i have read about it before , i think it 's really cool .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe .
yes , i agree . i think it 's crazy that there is a region of space that may be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe .
i agree . i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered a ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i agree . i think it 's a very interesting experience .
i do n't really like the universe . i do n't think i 've seen any of the galaxies outside the observable universe .
i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i agree , i think it 's interesting that scientists have been studying the universe before being scientists
i agree . i think rap is a very popular genre . i think it 's funny that a michigan judge rapped a ruling in a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i do like some of eminem 's music . he 's a great rapper .
i think it would be cool to listen to a rap battle like that michigan judge who delivered her ruling in the form of rap .
i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i think it was a judge in michigan who delivered her ruling in the form of rap .
i think it was kareem abdul jabbar who was so dominant in college that they banned the dunk .
i think he 's a great player . i think he 's a great player .
i think it 's crazy that the dunk got banned from college basketball for over a decade .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nba banned the dunk for a while .
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder if it is the seahorse that is the only fish to have a neck .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's true that the black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the seahorse ?
i have never been to one . i have been to a koi fish . i have a friend that has a koi fish .
i wonder if it was a koi fish ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a special jellyfish that is immortal
that is crazy , i wonder if jellyfish are immortal , i wonder if they are immortal
that is crazy , i wonder if they are still around ?
i wonder if they are still around ? i wonder if they are still around ?
i know right , i bet myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a facebook account for that ?
i think it 's crazy that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005
i think it 's crazy that facebook is now worth $ 104 billion .
i wonder why they do that . i wonder why they do n't like facebook .
i wonder if they are still on facebook ?
i would have taken advantage of that promotion . i would be so upset if i had a free whopper .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube .
i think he was a great player . i think he had a great career .
i do n't know . i do know that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube .
i think he was a great guy . he was a great guy . he was a great guy .
i do n't really follow soccer . i do n't really like the world cup .
i do n't really like soccer , but i do like it . i think it 's interesting that americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football .
i 'm a fan of soccer . i 'm a fan of association football aka soccer . i 'm a fan of association football aka soccer .
i do n't really like soccer , but i do like soccer , i think it 's interesting that the us women 's team has never placed below third place in the world cup since 1991
i think it 's interesting that the us women 's team has never placed below third place in the world cup since 1991 .
i do n't know much about soccer . i do know that the us got 3rd place in the first fifa world cup in 1930 .
i think that is a great idea , i think its a great sport , i think its a great sport , you know there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time
i think soccer is the most popular sport in the world .
i think it 's interesting that there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a skilled soccer player .
i think he is a great comedian . he got his big break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest .
i did n't know that . i do know he got his big break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was in the entertainment business ?
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great comedian . i think he was a great comedian .
i do n't know much about him . i do know he 's a comedian .
i do n't have the time either , i do n't have the time anymore , i do n't have the time anymore , i do n't have the time anymore , i do n't have the time anymore , i do n't have the time to play video games anymore , i do n't have the time though .
i agree , i think it was a great system , i think it was discontinued in 2003 in japan
i think it was a great system . i think it was discontinued in japan in 2003 .
i do nt know much about the universe , but i do nt know much about it .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it was the best game ever . i think it was a long time ago .
i think it was the best game ever . i think it was the best game ever .
i think it 's crazy that there is a negative correlation between iq and chess skill
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that there is a negative correlation between iq and chess .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that chess is the world 's most powerful sport .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . there is a negative correlation between iq and chess .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the president of the world chess federation thinks it 's a game where people can play chess instead of just 15 miles away .
i wonder if he ever fumbled the ball in his career ?
i do n't know , i do n't know if he was a good person , but i do know that he invented the game of chess
i do n't know if i 've ever seen him play . i do n't know if i 've ever seen him play chess though .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i think that is a great invention . i think it was a great invention .
yeah , i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if they use that data to negotiate better contracts ?
yeah , i guess bowling is a popular sport back in the 1960s .
yeah , i think that is true . i think it 's funny that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
you too !
i 'm sure they do . have a good day !
you too !
that is crazy , i wonder how much power it has , i wonder how much power it has
i know , right ? i wonder how much computing power the iphone has ?
i think that is a great idea , i think its a great idea , you know the iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
i did nt know that , i wonder why they did nt have an iphone , i guess the iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
i did nt know that , i wonder if it was a good movie , do you know who the oscars were nominated for emmys ?
yeah that is true , do you like the academy awards ?
yeah , i think that is a great idea . do you know who holds the record for the most oscars won by a man with 22 oscars ?
ya that is wild , i wonder if daniel day lewis ever won the oscar for best actor
yeah , eminem has more oscars than leonardo decaprio , johnny depp , will smith , and george lucas combined
i wonder if he has any good movies ?
yeah , i wonder if he has any good movies .
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i like the movie blazing saddles , it was a great movie
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a movie or if it was a movie or something ?
i have not . i did n't know that mcdonald 's added the drive thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i think it was in 1975 . i wonder if it was because soldiers were n't allowed to leave their cars in their fatigues
i do n't know , i wonder if it was a problem or not , i do n't know , i do n't know , i do n't know why it 's legal to equip flame throwers in south africa
i have n't but i heard it is illegal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i have not . i have n't played it . i have n't played it in a long time though .
i have n't played that game , but i do n't know if i 've ever played it . i 've heard that jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo .
ya i do n't know , i do n't know if i could do that , i 'd definitely do that myself haha
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i have not read it but i have read some interesting facts about it .
i think that is a great example of how the bible has changed .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a part of the bible ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he cut out the parts of the bible ?
i wonder if he ever wrote the bible in iraq ?
i wonder if the tower of babel is based on a real building in iraq
i wonder if it was a translation or something .
i think it is the best selling book of all time .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was part of the bible or if it was a religion or a religion ?
i agree . i think it is interesting that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies !
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if jefferson swore on the bible ?
yeah , i think he cut out the parts of the bible .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they swore on the bible
yeah , i guess the bible is the best selling book of all time , the bible has sold over 5 billion copies
yeah , i wonder if that is the case in latin ?
yeah , i guess it is the best selling book of all time .
yeah , i think it is the best selling book of all time , the bible is the best selling book of all time
i have not . i wonder if it is the same as the bible .
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they still use the bible to keep the faith in the bible
i do n't know much about basketball . i know the washington generals have played over 13000 times .
i think it was kareem abdul jabbar who was so good at it .
i know right , i think it was the best move in the history of the game , i think it was shaq , he was the only losing coach in the history of the history of the nba
i think he was the best player in the history of the game .
i 'm not sure . i know some people can get injured and get injured .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i did n't know that . i wonder why they did that ?
i know , i wonder if they ever had a team like that ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's sad that 60 % of nba players go broke after retirement .
i think that is a great deal . i think it 's crazy that allen iverson signed a lifetime contract with reebok that would pay him $ 800,000 a year until he reaches age 55 and then a lump sum of 32 million .
i think he has a great deal . he has a great endorsement deal .
i think he has a great deal . i think he has a great heart .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think that shoes are really expensive . i wonder if they are still around .
i 'm not sure . i do know that there is a tie in the tie of the tie .
i think it 's cool that ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week .
i do n't know if i have ever had a pair of shoes . i do n't know if i could afford one pair .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's cool that ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the original creators of the 70 's guide to the library of england can guide you home to the public library .
i 'm not sure . i do know a lot about the president and his music .
i think it would be a great idea , i would like to try that trick , i think its great how you can use the gps and the guide to the public
i 'm doing well . do you like chuck e cheese ?
i think it is a great invention . i think it is a great invention .
i think it 's crazy that astronauts have stronger internet than we do on the iss .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think i 've heard that before . i 'm not sure if i 've ever looked anything up on the internet .
i do n't like to watch movies . i do like to watch movies . i like to watch movies .
i think i 've heard of that before . i wonder if it 's because of the animals being entertained ?
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've ever played the nes , i think it 's crazy that it was discontinued in japan in 2003
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever played atari , i guess it 's a classic
i think it 's crazy that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that the creator of the python programming language named it partly because of the political group .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think he looks like steve martin .
i think he was a great president . i wonder if he got any royalties for that ?
i did n't know that ! i wonder if he got his big break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest ?
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great actor . i think he had a lot of influence .
i think he was a great guy . i think he was a great guy .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i think he was a great dancer . i think he had a patent on that device .
i agree , i think its great that babies dance when they hear music , i wonder if they are really good at it
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was a video game landfill ?
i am not sure , but i know bruce lee was a great dancer .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen him in a movie . i do know that he was a ballet dancer in high school .
i think that is great , i think its great babies can dance to music , i wonder if they are good dancers
i think that is a good thing . i wonder if we have a lot of evolution and we have spread around the planet .
i think that is a great thing to do . i think it 's interesting that we lost our body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's interesting that we have lost our body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago .
i think it 's interesting that the trunk of a car is called that because older cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it 's a great idea .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that mcdonalds invented the drive thru in 1975
i think it was named after a french explorer who founded detroit .
i did n't know that . i wonder if cadillac ever owned a car ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because soldiers were n't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it would be a great idea . i would like to have a flame thrower on my car .
i think that would be a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if carol burnett ever got the first celebrity to appear on sesame street ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode .
i did not know that . i wonder if she makes more than judge judy ?
i think she is a celebrity . i think he is a great performer .
i wonder if he has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities
i wonder if he ever got to see the secret room .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if robin williams ever visited pixar secret room that is visited often by celebrities .
i agree . i think it is a great idea .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any safety concerns or if they are in the us ?
i think that was the case of the us .
i think that the whole reason they were the first to be photographed on the dumbo ride was because of the fire .
i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great idea , i wonder if they were still around
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the police have a vending machine that releases food and water for the city 's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles .
i think it was in 2006 for the tower of the year 1886 .
i do n't know . i do know that the first google computer was called " the tower of babel " .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the first google computer was called " the " crocodile " .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the police have a vending machine that releases food and water for the city 's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles .
i wonder if he is the switzerland switzerland switzerland switzerland who represents animals in court
i did n't know that ! i wonder if animals have a white patch on their foreheads when they are domesticated .
that is very interesting . i wonder if the animals in the world ever have a special animal ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because there are over 7 million animal species .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a lobster or something .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he ever got a special animal ?
i know , right ?
i know right ! i wonder if animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated .
i think it 's interesting that the oldest goldfish lived to be 43 years old .
i have never been to one . i have been to a lot of koi fish . i have a friend that has a fish that can eat prey twice its size .
i have a friend that has a bunch of fish . i have a friend who has a sister who is a goldfish .
i think the cavs are doing well this year . i think they are doing well for the cavs .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think they are the best team in the world . they are the best team in the world .
i think he 's going to be in the sequel , i think he 's going to be in the next space jam movie .
i think he has a lot of free time . he is a great player .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i do n't know . i think he 's a great philanthropist .
i agree . i think he is a great philanthropist .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player
i think he was a great player , he was born in akron ohio , and he was born in akron ohio , i think he was born in akron , ohio .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i agree . i think he is a great player .
i think lebron is a great player . he is a great player .
i think it is a great show . i think it is a great show .
i think it 's a little too much for me .
i think it 's a good show . i think it 's a good show .
i think it 's a little too much for me . i think it 's a little too much for me .
i do n't know . i do know that the red sox have a lot of teams .
i do n't know much about politics . i do know that the president is a republican and a democrat .
you too !
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i like pink floyd , i think they are great .
i think that album was the best selling album of the 21st century
yeah , i think it was a great album , i think it was the best selling album of the 21st century
yeah , i think it was a great album , i think it was the best selling album of 2014
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i think that album is a great album
i think it was the best selling album of 2014 , i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i like pink floyd a lot
i think i have heard of that , i wonder if it is any good ?
i do , i love listening to the radio , there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
i do nt know , i wonder if it is still on the radio ,
i have not , i wonder if it is on the radio or if it is on the radio
yeah i wonder if they have a radio that can be picked up by am radio
i wonder if they have a radio station that requires 40 % of the music played be canadian
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin
i wonder how they figured out how to do that
i wonder how many listeners they have to do that
i think i have heard that before , i wonder how many listeners they have to be canadian .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a good reason to do that
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
yeah . do you know how blockbuster is now ?
i have not . i have heard of it .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that netflix has over 137 million subscribers worldwide .
i think he was a great player , he had a great vision , he had a great vision , i think he had a great vision for him
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i do n't know if i 've seen him in any of his movies .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think that movie was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think he was in the movie too . he was a great actor . he was also a great actor .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great actor .
i think he is a great actor . he is a great actor . he is a great actor .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
yeah , he is a great actor . he is the wealthiest actor in the world .
i have not seen it but i have seen it .
he is a great actor , he has a phd in astrophysics
i think that is a great movie . i think he is a great actor .
i think he is a great actor . he is a great actor .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i think it is a great show . i think it is a great show .
i do n't have a favorite . i do like tom brady though . i think he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think he is a great player .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also really committed to his team , he is a great player
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep the team safe .
i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i agree . i think it 's a great sport .
i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i like the patriots , i think they are a great team , i like the patriots , what about you ?
i am a fan of the patriots . i am a fan of the patriots .
i 'm a fan of the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that the fans are just too upset about the fact that they have been using the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i have not . i think it is a great invention .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great invention .
i agree . it is a good thing we have a lot of things to do with the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think they could use the data to track velocity and rotation and such .
i think they also have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i do n't watch tv much anymore . i do n't watch tv much anymore . i do like to watch tv .
i think i 've seen a few episodes . i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think i 've seen a few episodes of pokemon . i 've never seen it . i do n't think i 've seen any of the south park episodes though .
i do n't think i 've seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it in a while . i do n't think i 've seen it in a while .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think it 's funny that there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart neither appears nor is mentioned .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they ever forgot about him .
i 'm sure he was . i wonder if he ever appeared in the episode of the simpsons where bart was n't in or mentioned .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the show ?
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know that it 's legal to equip flame throwers in south africa to prevent carjacking .
i do n't know much about cars . i do know that the trunk of a car is called that because older cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i do n't know if i could put flamethrowers on my car in south africa .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the trunk of the car is called that because it 's actually a wooden trunk .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good idea . i 'm sure mcdonald 's created the drive thru in 1975 .
i think that the drive thru was invented in the year 1986 .
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if they have flamethrowers on their cars like they do in south africa ?
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've ever played the game gran turismo before , i 'm more of a fan of the guy who became a professional race car driver by beating people in gran turismo
i think i 've seen a few episodes of thomas the tank engine , i think i 've seen all of them .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think he was a great comedian . i think he was a great comedian .
i think he was a great guy , he was a great actor , he was a great actor , i wonder if he ever got any royalties from the uk
i agree . i think it 's funny that the creator of the python programming language named it partly to honor the british comedy group .
i love the show ! i love the british comedy group monty python , it 's funny that the creator of the python programming language named it after them !
i love the cast of the cast of the cast , i think it 's funny that the python programming language named it partly named after the british comedy group .
i love that movie . i love that movie .
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a president ?
i wonder if he was a president ?
i wonder if he was a president or a banana ?
i wonder if that is his real name or not ?
i wonder if that is true ?
i wonder if that is true ? i wonder if it is because of the fact that the guest house is larger than the white house .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a lot of lions like indian government .
that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if they have a lot of lions like the lions in india ?
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if they have a lot of influence in the country .
i wonder if they have a different name for the president ?
i think that is a very silly name . i wonder if they have a reason for that .
i think he was a great comedian .
i think he is a great comedian .
i love the song , i love the song . i love the song , the two masks of the song , the two masks represent the represent the different division and by the same name .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that nevada is the only state to have a " none of these candidates " voting option for presidential elections .
i think that is a good thing . i think it 's funny that the president of indonesia has a law that prohibits " none of the black people who are in the country . "
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that astronauts can vote from space .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the president of indonesia has a phd in astrophysics .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that in athens officials were appointed by lottery .
i did not know that . i wonder if they were able to do that ?
i think it is a great sport , i think its a great sport , its a great sport and a great sport , its a great sport indeed
i think that is the best thing to do . i think it is a great sport .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they will host the 2022 qatar fifa world cup in qatar ?
i did n't know that . i wonder why qatar is hosting it ?
yeah , i guess qatar is hosting it .
i think it would be a great experience for the us . i think it would be a great experience .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i think it was the best selling album of the 21st century , i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i like the old vinyl record of the best selling album of 2014
i think that is a great album , i think its great how a rap album can be really popular , i wonder if it is any good
i think it would be interesting to listen to a korean rap battle .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's cool that nwa 's straight outta compton album was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
i think rap is a great genre of music . i think it 's cool that tupac shakur 's music is in the library of congress .
i think he was a rapper , he was a rapper , he was a rapper , i think he was a great rapper .
i think he was a great rapper . i think he had a great sense of humor .
i think he was a great rapper , he wanted to be a comic book artist , i wonder if he ever wanted to be a comic book artist
yeah , he was a great rapper . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
yes i do . tupac is a great rapper and has his music in the library of congress
i think he is a great actor . i think he has a lot of good music .
you too !
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that the black panther is the best - selling of the 21st century .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good thing that people are n't upset about it .
i think it 's funny that weekend update debuted on the first episode of snl and is their longest running skit
i do n't really . i do n't think it 's worth it .
i think it 's funny that the x men were not human , so i guess it 's not a surprise .
i do n't really like him , but i do like him a lot .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i have not . i have been to a few times . i have been to a few times .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was a google search for google 's moon ?
i do n't know , but i do know that garfield was the first ever person to be photographed on the moon .
i think that 's a good idea . i 'm not sure if they were trying to tell the truth . i 'm sure they do n't want to be able to tell what they are doing .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of stan lee ?
i do n't know , but i do know there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound .
i do n't listen to the radio much these days . i do listen to spotify .
i do n't know how many listeners they have . i do n't know if i could find a ventriloquist on the radio .
i wonder if they have a radio station that challenges you to listen to classic radio dramas .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good question . i 'm sure it 's a good question .
i do n't know , but i do know that he likes to be in the movie .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i agree . i think he was a great writer . he was a great writer .
i do n't really watch basketball . i do watch it occasionally .
i do n't really follow basketball . i do n't really like basketball . i do know that the new zealand basketball team is nicknamed the " tall blacks "
i do n't watch basketball but i do know that vasectomy has a higher march madness than men !
yeah , i think i 've heard of him before . i 'm not sure if he was a good player .
i know right ! i wonder if he ever got any free throws ?
i think he was the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas history .
i think he was the best coach in the history of the sport , he was the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas history
yeah , i guess he was a coach at the ymca .
i do n't really . i do n't know much about volleyball .
yeah , i guess it makes sense . soccer makes more money than all other sports combined .
yeah , i think it 's called soccer in some countries .
i did n't know that either . i guess it makes sense since soccer makes more money than football , basketball , and hockey combined .
yeah , i 've heard that too . i guess it 's a lot more than the other sport .
i think he was a great player , he donated his entire bonus to pay for surgeries for kids in brazil
i do n't know , i do know greenland ca n't join fifa because they do n't have enough grass for a soccer field .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a good reason for that .
yeah , i guess that is why it is called soccer in the us .
yeah , i guess it is a sport that is played in over 200 countries .
i agree . i think he was a great player .
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever had any of his music ?
yeah , i guess babies dance when they hear music .
i think it is a great idea .
i think it 's cool that bob marley is a great dancer and he was also a great dancer
i think it 's interesting that there are only 2 african americans in the country music hall of fame .
i think he is a great player . i think he has a great voice .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's any good ?
i think he is a great person . i think he is a great example of a great dad .
yeah , i think that is a great example of how the radio works .
i would love to be the guy who is the wealthiest man in the world .
i agree . i think he 's a great performer .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard any of them .
i do n't know , i do know that jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is true .
i think i 've heard that before , i think it 's pretty cool that you can hear storms on jupiter on an am radio
i think i have heard of that before , i think it 's pretty cool that it 's been around a long time , i wonder if it 's still around
i think country music is a great genre , i like the old style style of country music , it has roots in folk music
i have not . i have been listening to a podcast on the radio .
same here , have a good one
you too !
you too !
i do ! i love astronomy ! i love astronomy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i think i have heard that before . i wonder if it is due to the atmosphere .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it is due to atmospheric scattering ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if we 'll ever see it .
i would love to see that ! i wonder if it will happen soon .
i would love to see that . i would love to see it . i would love to see it someday .
i think it would be a good idea . i would love to see it someday .
i think it 's because of the atmosphere . i think it 's because of the atmosphere .
i think it was because of the curiosity rover , it was a curiosity that was on mars
i think it was because of the metric system .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the atmosphere .
i think it was because of the metric system .
i think it was because of the metric system .
i think that is a very interesting fact .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it is still around ?
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it is because of atmospheric scattering ?
i did not know that . i wonder why it is not yellow .
i think it is because of atmospheric scattering .
i think it 's because of atmospheric scattering .
you too !
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really good , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie as well as well
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think she 's a great actress . i think she 's a great actress .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good movie .
i think it 's funny that the director was a marine corps to help the police who wore the comics .
i think it 's because they are so different . i think it 's funny that the director of the movie was born in 1986 .
i like the old school cars . i have a ford . i think it 's crazy that it 's legal to equip flamethrowers in south africa to prevent carjacking .
i like the old fashioned car . i have a ford .
i would love to live in south africa . i would love to live there .
i would love to live in south africa . i would love to live there .
i do like pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i like the piano . i like the piano . i like the piano .
i think that 's great that they can learn to play music . i think it 's funny that in 1930 there was no news worth reporting so they broadcast piano music instead of news .
i think it would be cool to listen to the piano . i think it 's cool that freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody that paul mccartney used to record hey jude .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody that paul mccartney used to record hey jude .
i think that is great . i think it 's cool that freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody that paul mccartney used to record hey jude .
i think he was a great player . he was an innovator in the past .
i have a bunch of horses . i have a mid life allergy to horses .
i think it 's funny that two high school students rode horses to school on ' no vehicle ' , that 's where they were suspended .
i would love to go to iceland . i would love to go to iceland .
i do n't know if i would like to listen to a song or two . i do n't know if i could do it .
bye
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know that apple had a clothing line in 1986 .
i think it 's funny that pilgrims only wore black for special occasions .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i do know that rip curl makes clothes in north korea yet the label says made in china .
i think it 's because they look for collar gaps in your clothes .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do n't know if i have ever been there . i would n't want to be able to afford it .
i would think so . i would n't want to be able to buy stuff from the store in alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it was a horror movie ?
i do n't know , but i guess it 's a horror movie .
i know right , i wonder if he ever watched the horror movie , i guess it 's a good thing he did n't know he was making a horror movie lol
i guess that 's why i do n't like horror movies . i do n't like horror movies though .
i 'm not sure , but i know that the shining was a horror movie .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i wonder if it 's any good ?
i do n't know , but i do know that danny from the shining did n't know he was acting in a horror movie until years later .
i have not seen it . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i do n't know , but i 'm sure it 's a good thing . i wonder if unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do n't use your cell phone .
i do n't use my cell phone . i do n't use my phone much . i do n't use my phone much .
i have an iphone . i have an iphone . i have an iphone . i have an iphone .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's crazy that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder how much water they do for that ?
i do n't have a dog . i do n't have a dog . i do n't have a dog .
i have a dog , i have a dog , what about you ?
i have a dog , i have a dog , she is a dog person , she is a dog lover , she is a dog lover
i have a dog and a dog . i have a dog and a dog .
i have a dog . i have a dog . she is a dog company .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the dog is a dog company .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the animals that have a white patch on their heads .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the animals in boulder colorado have a dog .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if the loch ness monster is real , i wonder if it is real
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it is because there are 20 quintillion animals on the planet .
i think i have read that before , i wonder if it is real or if it is real or not .
i agree . i love animals . there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on the planet .
i do n't know , i do know that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when animals had both gills and lungs .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because there are 20 quintillion animals on the earth .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have a pet . i do n't know if i could own one .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have a dog , i do n't have pets , i do n't have one , but i do n't like cats , i do n't like cats , i do n't have one though , i do n't have one , i do n't own a dog though i do you ?
i think that is a good idea , i think its a great idea , you can also own pets , you can be a guardian
i agree , i think its a great idea , you know there are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia
you too !
you too ! have a good one !
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite team . i do n't like the nfl though .
i do n't really watch it but i do like the game , i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 mins of live gameplay
i do n't know , but i know that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
yeah it is pretty short . the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play
yeah that is true . did you know women can play too ?
i do n't know , i do n't know if they have a female kicker or something like that .
yeah , i 'm sure they do n't have that much money .
i think that is a good point . i think they should use that data to make the game safer too .
yeah , i think he is a great player . he is a model and has a model wife .
i did not know that . i wonder if she makes more than double what she makes
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
yeah , he is a model and has a lot of money . he is a model and has a lot of money .
i do . i love the sport . did you know the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player ?
i did n't watch it , but i did see the superbowl , it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game changer for brady
i did not know that . i wonder if he is allergic to them ?
i do n't know if he is allergic or something . i do n't know if he is allergic to avocados .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's kicking himself for not being the best qb in the history of the nfl .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played in the superbowl ?
i think they are the best team in the world .
i do like comic books . i love comic books .
i do ! i love stan lee !
i think he was a great writer .
yeah he was . do you know who stan lee is ?
i think he was a great guy .
yeah , i guess they did n't want to buy the comics .
i do n't know , but i know he was a big fan of spider man .
i think it was the generic comic book . i think it was a great movie .
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if they have any comic books in the us ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they have a lot of comics .
i do n't know , but i know they have a lot of dc comics .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any marvel comics like the marvel cinematic universe ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he was in the dc comics comics movie ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any marvel comics ?
yes that was for the us marine corps
yeah . do you like literature ?
yeah . literature was an olympic sport in 1912 until 1952
i did not know that . i wonder if they were judged before they were allowed to read them .
i did not know that . i wonder if they were any good ?
i have not . i think it 's a good thing that people are n't prepared for their actions .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's sad that people are not allowed to go to school and have been able to tell them what they are doing .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do n't listen to the radio much anymore . i do listen to the radio a lot .
i do n't know , i do know that jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio .
i do n't know , but i do know there is a finnish radio station that plays news in latin .
i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up sounds like static or something .
i have not . i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i have not . i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a good reason to do that .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if they have any good music .
i 'm sure he 's not on that list . i wonder if he 's on the list of the wealthiest presidents in american history ?
haha ya i think that is wild , also weird that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana , i wonder if he was rich haha
i wonder if he is any good at the guest house ?
i think it would be a good idea , i wonder if the runner up of the presidential election automatically became vice president like the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the vice president
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea for the president to be the runner up in the presidential election .
haha that would be a good idea ! i wonder if president banana of zimbabwe 's name is president banana , i wonder if he was a president
i would love to watch that ! i wonder if it would be any good ?
i did n't know that . i did n't know that fox news was owned by fox news .
i do n't really watch it , but i do like it . i do n't have a favorite team though .
i do n't know much about football , but i do know that the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
i do n't know , i do n't like rugby , but i do like rugby , i think it 's interesting that there is a gaelic football , i wonder if it 's true
i agree , i think it is a great invention , i think it is a great invention , i think its a great invention , you know espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line
i think that is a great invention . i think it is a great invention .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he ever fumbled the ball in his career .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player . he was a great player .
i did not know that . i wonder why it is called soccer because it was slang for association football
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good player .
i think that is a great sport . soccer is the most popular sport in the world .
yeah , i heard he was a skilled soccer player in college .
yeah , i heard he was a skilled soccer player in college .
i think he was a skilled soccer player , he was a skilled soccer player in college
i did nt know that , i wonder if he ever played soccer , there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time
i think it is a great sport , i think its a great sport , i m a fan of it , do you like it ?
i know right , i wonder how many people play it , i know a player can lose up to 8 pounds in one game
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a lot of physical bandy and bandy , i guess they can be really good at it
i have never been to canada . i have been to canada and i have been to vegas .
i would love to visit canada . i would love to visit canada .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever played lacrosse , i do n't know if i 've ever played lacrosse though
i am doing great ! do you subscribe to netflix ?
i do ! i love netflix !
i do too ! i love netflix . from 9pm-12am netflix accounts for 33 % of all bandwidth in north america !
i 'm sure it was a lot more than that . i 'm sure it 's worth it though .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's worth it . i 'm sure it 's worth it though . i 'm sure it 's worth it though .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's worth it . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
i bet they regret that decision . i bet blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
i 'm sure they regret that decision . i wonder if they will ever be able to do that ?
i do n't know , i would like to ride a bus that goes 160 mph
i do n't know , i do know that the first king to travel around the world was king kalakaua of hawaii .
i have not . i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel to iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i would love to travel to japan ! i would love to visit the planet that has over 20 quintillion animals on the planet !
i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the other animal !
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the animals being protected by the way ?
i have not . i wonder if it 's because of hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when animals had both gills and lungs .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got a good rap ?
i think it is a great idea . i think it is funny that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana .
i think he is , i think he is the wealthiest president in history
i think he is , he is a great actor , i think he is the wealthiest president in history
i do n't know , but i know jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents .
i do n't know , but i know jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents .
i think he is , i wonder if he is on the list of the wealthiest presidents in history
i do nt know , i wonder if they have a lot of guests , i wonder if they have a lot of guests
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have twin buildings in ireland and france ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have twin buildings in ireland and france ?
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a twin in ireland or france ?
i wonder why they still use floppy disks for storing files ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have solar panels on the white house ?
i think they have solar panels put back on the white house .
i think it 's because the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's interesting that until 1805 the runner up automatically became vice president .
i did not know that . i wonder if it would have been a disaster if it had been done .
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the senate used the same gavel for 165 years until richard nixon cracked it .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the senate used the same gavel for 165 years until 1913 .
i do like comedies . i love comedies .
i love bill murray . i love him in ghostbusters .
i love the green lantern movie , i think it was a great movie , i like the movie green lantern , i think it was a comedy
i love bill murray . i love him in groundhog day .
i love that movie . i love the movie the best . i love the movie the best .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i 've seen it .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i have n't seen it but i did like it . i did like it . i also liked seinfeld and frasier .
i did . i loved that show . it was a great show . i loved it .
i think that was a great show . i think it was a great show .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen it . i do know that the python programming language was named after the french explorer who founded detroit .
i do n't know why they canceled it . i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i think that s a great show , i love the show , its been a great show , its been a long time since 1989
i wonder if they are still around ?
i do like them . i do n't really like them .
i love horror movies . i love stephen king movies .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was scared of bambi when he saw it .
i think i 've seen that before . i think it 's funny that hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i think that is a great show . i think it 's funny that jim carrey does n't make dramas anymore because of his beliefs .
i agree ! do you listen to the radio much ?
i did not . i wonder if it is still around ?
i love traveling . i love traveling . i love traveling .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i love traveling . i love traveling . i love traveling . i love traveling .
i would love to visit mackinac island . they banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i would love to visit mackinac island . they banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i do n't know , i do know that the first king to travel around the world was king kalakaua of hawaii .
i do n't know , i do know that carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street .
i do n't know , i do know judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode .
i think she makes more than judge judy who makes $ 123,000 per episode !
i 'm sure she does ! she 's the highest paid celebrity after lebron james !
i know right ! i wonder if robin williams ever got the start of the voice of the genie in aladdin ?
i think he was the first celebrity to do voices in sesame street .
i think it 's cool that pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
i think i 've seen that before . i think it 's funny that carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street .
i think i 've seen that before . i think it 's funny that carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street .
i think she was on sesame street , i think she was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street
i think he is a great performer . i think he is a great performer .
i agree , i think he was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street , i think he was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street
i agree . i think it 's funny that pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
i did not know that . i think it 's interesting that they have a grammy for best rap album .
i think they are a great band . they are a great band .
i think it 's interesting that it 's impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together .
i think they are a great band . they are a great band .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the author of the movie " speak " is a title of the art of the art of the generation .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that the rapper " big brother of singer committed suicide , and he 's a rapper . "
i think it 's a great album . i think it 's funny that the song " the dark side of the moon " is actually white and is not the best - selling album of 2014 .
yeah , i think that was the best thing to do . i think it 's funny that new yorks area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a very large amount of cables .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a little too small to be honest .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a little bit too small for the environment . i wonder if it 's because they 're only 2.7 inches wide ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a lot of data in the ocean .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they are really smart . i wonder if they have a lot of data to the cables that carry phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor .
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's because of the internet .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because it 's impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was because of the fact that if you overlap the pages of two phone books , you can not separate them .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a very large amount of power . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the iphone .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
you too !
you too !
i 'm not sure , but i know there are some other people who are interested in the world .
i did n't know that . i guess soccer makes more money than football , basketball , baseball , golf , tennis , and hockey combined .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't really watch soccer , but i do know that jon stewart was a skilled soccer player in college .
i think that is a great sport . i think it is a great sport .
i do n't know much about it . i know that it is called soccer in the us .
i did n't know that . i wonder why they chose it .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they ever played in the variation of soccer where 3 teams face off at the same time .
i think it is a very popular sport .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they do n't have to build a city that is still in use for the olympics or something .
i think it is because it is the most popular sport in the world .
i 'm not sure . i do know hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i do n't know , i do n't think he 's doing dramas anymore , i do n't think he 's making dramas anymore
i do n't think i 've ever listened to that . i do n't think i 've seen any of the movies that i 've ever listened to .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great actor .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great actor .
you too !
i do . do you ?
i do n't play video games but i do like mario bros .
i do n't have a playstation . i do n't have the time .
i like the old school ones , they are really cool . i like the old nintendo system .
i did n't know that . i did n't know that .
i think i 've seen a few of the games , but i do n't think i 've ever seen any of them .
i used to play it all the time . i was a huge fan of the game .
i have not played that one . i have a friend who has a son who is a huge fan of the pokemon craze .
i did n't know that ! i did n't know nintendo was founded in 1889 as a playing card company !
i wonder if they are related to snakes ?
i think they have a lot of cool games . i did n't know nintendo owns the seattle mariners .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a bunch of water there ?
i did n't know that . i did n't know nintendo was founded in 1889 .
i would love to visit someday . i would love to visit someday .
i would love to visit one of those . i would love to visit one of those .
i agree . i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that in britain , around 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment .
i 'm not sure , i do n't like snakes , but i do n't like snakes . i 've heard that snakes are not actually poisonous .
i agree . did you know the nintendo system could only display 54 colors ?
i wonder if they have a snake ?
i agree . did you know that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors ?
i have not . i have been to a few times .
i think jazz is a great genre . i think it has roots in west african culture .
i think jazz is a great genre . i think it has roots in west african culture .
i agree . i wonder if clint eastwood ever played jazz ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played the sax .
i wonder if he ever liked jazz ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever played jazz ?
i do n't know , but i do know a harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every sunday for 20 years !
i think she has a great jazz orchestra , i think she has a great jazz orchestra , i wonder if she has any good jazz concerts
i think it 's cool that creed had a concert that was so bad that 4 people in goers filed a lawsuit against the band .
i do like concerts . i have been to a few concerts in the past . i have been to a few concerts in the past .
i love the ramones , they toured almost non stop for over 20 years
i know , right ? i wonder if they were any good ?
i wonder if pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i wonder if pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i think it was in the year 2002 , i think it was a great album , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i have not . i have n't read it . i have n't read it .
i think i 've read the book . i 've read a lot of books and i 've read a lot of books .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's on the military reading list ?
i think that is a great book . i wonder if the book was any good ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the panic caused by the spread of reading of novels ?
i do . do you know why jazz trumpeters grow goatees ?
i like jazz . i like it . i like jazz .
i think jazz is a great genre , i think its great that jazz has roots in west african culture
i think jazz has roots in west african culture .
i agree . jazz has roots in west african culture .
there is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition , and functional programs have jazz - like harmonies .
i think jazz has a lot of influence , there is a woman in harlem who has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every sunday for 20 years
i wonder if there is a jazz orchestra that has jazz topping the charts in pakistan
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it has jazz roots in west african culture .
i wonder too . do you know why dalmatians are associated with firefighters ?
i do nt know , i do nt know , i do nt know why they do nt have a motorized vehicle ,
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they have a special lane or something like that ,
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they have a reason for that , i wonder if they are used for the environment
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a reason for that , i wonder if they are used for the horses
i did not know that . i wonder if they were trying to calm down horses ?
yeah i guess they were just horses , i wonder if they were the same people who rode horses to school
i think it 's funny that lipizzaner horses are born black or brown and turn completely white .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever rode horses to horses .
i do not know that , i do know that he is a great actor , he is a great actor
i do n't know , i do know that clint eastwood is allergic to horses , he is allergic to horses
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a female player ?
i think it was back in the 1960s . i think it was back in the 1960s .
i know right , i wonder how much time time flies by now , i know there is only 11 mins of actual live gameplay in an average nfl game
yeah , i guess it 's because there is only 11 minutes of live game play .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think that is a good point . i think it would be a very stressful sport .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave if a player enters .
yeah , i guess that makes sense . did you know u of iowa painted their visitor locker room pink ?
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the pink locker room being pink .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it was a tactic or not ?
i think it 's a calming color . i think it 's funny that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
yeah , he was a great player . he never fumbled the ball in his career .
yeah , i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
yeah , i think that is a great point . in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i did not know that . i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
yeah that is true . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
i think it was to intimidate the other team .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i would have ever seen that game .
i am a fan of marvel movies . i love them .
i have not . i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do like the movie the best though .
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it .
i have not seen it yet . i have seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did not know that . i wonder if it will be good ?
i think that 's great ! i think it 's funny that peter gabriel has been in the marvel universe .
i did n't know that . i wonder if she 's in the superhero movie ?
i wonder if they ever had a generic comic book ?
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder why they do n't have to pay more on postage than on bandwidth ?
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i do n't really have netflix . i do n't have cable but i do like some of the shows .
i do like marvel . i have n't seen the punisher . i have n't seen it yet .
i do like marvel . i like the punisher .
i have n't seen it yet . i have seen it . i have n't seen it yet .
i think i 've heard of that before . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen any of the movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies .
i have not . i have seen a few of the movies .
i have not seen that one . i have seen some of the movies and i have seen some of them .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen any of them .
i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i think that would be a great way to travel . i would like to travel to japan and check out the garden gnomes of the owner .
yeah that is true , i would like to visit iceland , they have no public rail service and most icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns
i have not . i would like to visit iceland .
i think it would be a great way to travel around the country .
i would love to travel to iceland . i would love to visit japan and see the northern lights .
i would love to visit iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i would like to travel to iceland .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that the price of the company has grown a lot over the years
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that the military has a law that prohibits " cathode ray tube amusement devices "
yeah , i guess they have a lot of military technology . do you know how the video game came about ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if he has any video games ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was in the movie too ?
i do n't know , i do know that tom hanks brother does woody 's voice in the toy story video game , i think he 's the voice of woody in the toy story
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was in the movie ?
yeah , i think that is a great movie . did you know that in south korea it is illegal for kids under 16 to play video games past midnight ?
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that netflix has a law that prohibits " saggy pants "
i think it 's a good idea , i think it 's a good idea .
you too !
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is a rapper who is deaf and has a song named " the crocodile " .
i think it 's funny that the rapper tupac shakur 's music is in the library of congress .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he was a great rapper . he was a great writer and a great writer .
i think he is a great rapper . he is a great rapper .
yeah , he was a great rapper . he was born in 1986 .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player . he had a great career .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great guy .
i do n't know if i 've ever heard of him .
i like the pistons , i think i have heard of them before , i think they are really cool .
i like the pistons , i think i 've heard of them before , i 'm a big fan of the pistons , what about you ?
i think it 's cool that tim duncan stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the nba .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the nba has been around since the beginning of the past few years .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the nba has been around for over 30 years .
i agree . i think he is a great player .
i agree , i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player , he was a great player , great player , great player , great player indeed
i think he was a great dancer . i think he had a patent on that device .
i am a fan of dance . i love to dance .
i love dancing . i am a fan of dancing . i love dancing .
i think that is a great idea , i think its great how babies dance to music , i wonder if they can dance to music
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen a picture of a human being honest .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that michael jackson has a patent on a device that he used to do the extreme lean in some of his dance moves .
i think he was a great dancer . i think he had a lot of influence .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he ever had a patent on a device that allowed him to do that ?
i agree . i think it 's funny that bruce lee was a great dancer and won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958 .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever danced ballet in high school ?
i think he was a great dancer . he was a great dancer .
i think he was a great ballet dancer , i wonder if he went through 4 pairs of shoes a week
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have ballet shoes like ballet dancers do .
i do n't know , i do know that they can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week .
i do n't know if i 've seen it . i 've heard that ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the babies can dance to music .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i do know that there is an episode of the simpsons where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned .
i think that is a great show . i think it 's funny that the simpsons sent flowers to the south park creators when they aired their family guy episode .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they ever had a different relationship with the simpsons ?
i 'm not sure . i do know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if they have any colors in the white house ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it 's because of the colors that the runner up became vice president .
i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be a good idea , i think it would be a good idea to have a vice president like the president of zimbabwe , they would be the only president to do that
i think trump is on that list . i think he is the wealthiest president in history .
ya i think trump is on that list , i do n't know if trump is on that list , i do know that trump is not in the top 3 richest presidents though , i wonder if he is on that list
i think he 's a very wealthy man .
ya i think it was , i wonder if trump is on that list , i do n't know if he is rich or not , i do n't know if he is rich or not , i do n't know if he 's rich , i do n't know if he 's rich or not haha
i think he was a president , he was a president , i wonder if he was a president or a banana
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if he has a vp named after him .
haha that is funny , i wonder if he ever visited disneyland or something ? i guess he 's a weird guy lol
haha ya i agree , did you vote on the iss btw ? i guess astronauts can vote from space , i wonder if that is because of that
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that 34 % of black men in alabama have permanently lost the right to vote .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that in 1918 not all men were able to vote until 1918 .
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if they have a lot of lions like india where they set up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that austin tx voted to rename their garbage dump after fred durst .
i think that is a funny name . i wonder if it was a nickname or something .
i agree , i think he was a great president , he was a great president , he was a great president , he was a great president , he had a great sense of humor
i agree . i think it 's funny that the last president to be photographed was a republican and nixon nixon .
i think it 's funny that teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the last time a manager was a manager .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do n't know much about her . i do know that the president of the mlb has a very common sense of humor .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it is a good idea .
i think that 's a good idea . i think i 've heard that before .
i think it 's a good movie . i think it 's funny that the movie was the best - selling movie of all time .
i have not . i have heard of it . i have n't seen it .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that the movie was the best - selling actor ever .
i think that is a great idea . i think that is why they are so good .
i think that is a great movie , i think it is really cool that the movie was the best , i think it was the best movie ever , i think it was really good , i think it was a great movie
i think i 've seen the first one . i think it 's a great movie .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great actor .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got any royalties or something ?
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i think the internet is a great source of information .
i agree . i wonder if the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button .
i think that is a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm not sure if i could do that .
i think that is a good idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if it will ever happen .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team
i think that is so cool . i wonder if it has any effect on the players .
i know , right ? i guess the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that new orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already eating and any nfl player comes in , they have to leave .
i think that is a very silly rule .
i think that is a very sexist rule . i think it would be cool if a woman could meet the requirements .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
i think it was a great invention . i think it was a great invention .
i think it was a great invention . i think it was a great invention .
i know right ! i wonder if cumberland was ever in the game ?
i think it 's crazy that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 1960s
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back then
i think that is true . i think it is crazy that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
i agree , i think it is a great sport , i think its great how much money football players earn , engineers earn more than football players over their lifetime
i think that is true . i think it is a great sport .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
you too !
i do n't really follow basketball . i do n't really follow the wizards .
i think it 's a great sport . i think it 's interesting that the washington redskins have a lot of fans .
i think they are doing well this season .
i think they are a great team , they are a great team , i think they are a great team , they are a great team , i think they are a great team
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has been a great player for many years
i think he did , he was a great player , he had a great career in the game , i think he had a great career in the nba
i think he has a great team , he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great team
i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player , i think he had a great team , i think he had a great team this year , i think he was a great player
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
yeah , i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i know right , i wonder if he ever played on the nba hall of fame , i wonder if he was good
yeah i think that is the best way to score points on the line
i think i have read about that before , i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line
i think it was the best way to shoot free throws .
yeah i think that is true , i think it would be cool if he did that
i think he would have done it . he is a great player .
i think that was a great marketing move , i wonder if they still had a good endorsement deal ,
i think that was a great marketing move .
i think he did , he got a great deal , he got a great deal , i think he got a great deal , i think he got a great deal , i think he got a great deal for him
i do n't really have a favorite team . i do n't know much about baseball .
i do n't know much about baseball . i do know that baseball is very popular in japan .
i think it would be cool to see a female player in the mlb .
i think it is very cool that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think it 's cool that a female pitcher was banned from mlb after she struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig .
i think he is a great player .
i think it 's a very rare sport . i think it 's funny that a 17 year old female pitcher was banned from mlb after she struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig .
i think it 's funny that kickball is also called soccer - baseball in canada .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that a player receives three bases if a player catches a baseball in his hat .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if needed .
i think it was the first time i saw a baseball game . i think it was a tradition of the game .
i think it is . i think it is funny that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that albuquerque isotopes minor league baseball team was named after the baseball team .
i think it 's because they can play for the team if needed .
i think it was because they were able to play for the team if the need arises .
i think it 's because they can play if needed . i wonder if they ever had to play baseball .
i think it would be cool to see a female player in the mlb .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any italian presidents ?
you too !
bye
you too !
bye
bye
bye
i do n't really watch basketball , but i do like basketball . i 'm a fan of the game .
i am a fan of basketball . i love watching it .
i am a fan of basketball . i love watching the game . i love watching it .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a waste of money .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor .
i think it is funny that the supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor .
i think he was a great player . he was so dominant in his career .
i know , i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great player .
i am a fan of basketball . i love the game .
i 'm a fan of the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i 'm a fan of the eagles . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i 'm not sure , i 'm a fan of the patriots , but i 'm not a fan of them .
i agree . i think it was a bad move .
i wonder if the university of iowa 's locker room is painted pink ?
i wonder if they have a pink locker room like the university of iowa did for their visiting team ?
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i think that is a great invention . i wonder if it was a good thing or not .
i think that is a great invention . i think it is funny that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
i think that is true . i think it is funny that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
i think it 's crazy that 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams .
i have not . i have been to vegas and i have been to vegas and i have been there .
i have not . i have been to vegas and i have been to vegas and i have been there .
i agree , i think it would be interesting to watch a movie about the director of the movie , i think it would be interesting to watch a movie about the movie
i have not . i have been to vegas and i have been to vegas and las vegas .
you too !
you too !
i think it 's a great idea , i think it 's a great idea , i think it 's a great idea , i think it 's a great idea , i 'm sure it 's a good thing to do with the movie
i 'm not sure . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that the director of the movie was a victim of a lot of people .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that shakespeare popularized many phrases like " good riddance , " and " wild goose chase " .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i think he was a great writer . he was a genius . he also had a grammatical errors to make grammatical errors to make grammatical errors to make grammatical errors to heighten people .
you too !
i agree . i think he was a great writer .
i think he was a great writer . he was a great writer .
i have not . i have not . i have read a book about him .
i think he was a great writer . he was a great writer .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a good writer .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a great dancer .
he was a great writer , he had a great sense of humor , he also had a great voice in his plays
i love shakespeare . i love his work . he was a great writer .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do like football . i like watching the nfl .
i think it 's funny that in the 60 's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i 'm a fan of the nfl . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think it is because of the injuries that the players have .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that is great ! i think it helps the game with the players and the player safety of the players .
i think it 's cool that they put tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a player 's moves on the field .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they use the chips in the players shoulder pads to record their every move on the field .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they use that data to negotiate better contracts ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i know , right ? i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i think it 's crazy that the circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard , a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signals .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the qb was any good ?
i think it is , but i think it is a great advantage .
i think they are the only one to have a decent shot .
i think they are doing well for the redskins .
i think it 's a great tradition . i think it 's funny that the nfl has a rule against the cheerleaders .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of canadian music ?
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i wonder if they were able to pick up jupiter 's radio storms on jupiter
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts a bunch of classic radio dramas .
i wonder if they can pick up jupiter storms on jupiter ?
i wonder if they have a radio station that plays classic radio dramas for free .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a radio station that plays classic radio dramas for free .
i do n't listen to country music much anymore . i do listen to country music from the 70 's .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i think that is a great album , i think it is a great album , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that henry ford financed country music to help people with jazz .
i have not . i have n't heard of it . i do know that linkin park 's " hybrid theory " is the best selling album of the 21st century .
i think it 's interesting that there are only 2 african americans in the country music hall of fame .
i like country music . i like country music . i like country music .
i like country music . i like country music . i like country music . i like country music .
i love country music . i love country music . i love country music . i love country music .
i have n't . i have n't heard of it . i do know that two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992 .
i think it 's cool that vinyl lps are still around . i think it 's cool that vinyl lps are still around .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992 .
i think it 's a great album . i think it 's cool that reel big fish re - recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label .
i do , i use it a lot , what about you ?
i think myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook for only 75 million back in 2005
i think myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook for only 75 million back in 2005
yeah , i bet they regret that decision now . did you know the like button is illegal in schleswig - holstein ?
yeah , i bet they are regretting that decision now , did you hear about the facebook like button ?
yeah i think that is a great idea , i would be worried about that promotion , i would be worried if i had unfriended 10 friends for a free whopper lol
i think that is a great idea , i would be worried about that promotion , i would be worried if i had a free whopper lol
i think i have heard about that promotion , i think its a great idea , i wonder if they have a facebook page with a free whopper
i think i have heard about that promotion , i think it was a great idea , i wonder if it was a free whopper
i think i have heard about that promotion , i think its a great idea , i wonder if they have a facebook page with a free whopper
i think its a great idea , i wonder if they are using facebook to rewrite their constitution
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they are using facebook to rewrite their constitution
i 'm not sure . i think it 's crazy that iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution .
i bet they are regretting that decision now , they must have really angry now ,
i do , i love netflix , i love it , it was a great movie , i love it , you know the creator of netflix was inspired to start netflix after he racked up 40 bucks
yeah , i bet blockbuster regrets not acquiring netflix
yes it was a $ 40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13
i think he was mad that he had a $ 40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13
yeah , i bet blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
yeah , i bet blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great team . i think it 's funny that the golden state warriors have a losing record .
i have not . i do n't know if i 've ever seen him play . i know he donated mosquito nets to africa for every three pointer he makes .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i 'm not sure . i do know that the golden state warriors earned $ 12 million by losing game 4 of the nba finals last season .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nba has a lot of fans .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , his sister was always better than him
i think he played for the golden state warriors . he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i 'm not sure . i do know that stephen curry is the best player in the nba .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that tim duncan stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the nba .
i think it 's funny that physicists have proved that shooting granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
i think that 's a great point . i think it 's funny that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike just paid the fine .
i 'm not sure . i do know that air jordans were banned in the nba but jordan wore them anyway .
i think they were . i think they were too busy .
i think he is a great player . he gets a lot of flack .
i 'm doing well . how are you ?
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of edgar allen poe ?
i 'm not sure . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it is a great language . i think it is interesting that the last president to speak a foreign language was fdr .
yeah , i think it is true . did you know the fastest number to dial was 212 ?
yeah , i think that is why unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do n't use your cell phone .
i think that is great , i wonder how many people do not use it .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that starship troopers is the first sci - fi novel on the reading list of three branches of the military .
yeah , i think that is true . i think it 's crazy that the cables that carry phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they were the same people who were laughing at the lord of the rings ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is true that the cables that carry phone and internet data are only 2.7 inches in diameter
i do n't know much about them . i know that starship troopers is the first sci fi novel on the reading list of three branches of the military .
i think it 's a waste of time . i do n't think i 've ever seen it .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to get people to read .
i did not know that . i wonder how many times that is .
that is crazy ! i wonder how many books she has ?
yeah , i wonder how they do that . i wonder if they have a lot of data lines for that .
yeah , i wonder if they are still around .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a phone book ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a phone book ?
i do like football . i 'm a fan of the nfl .
i 'm not sure , but i know that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i am a fan of the patriots , i think they are the best team in the league , they are the best team in the league
i 'm a steelers fan . i 'm a steelers fan . i 'm a steelers fan .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to see a woman play in the nfl .
i did n't know that . i wonder how much money bowlers made back then ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it helps to make the game safer for the players .
i think that is a great invention . i think it 's funny that the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
i think it was 222 - 0 .
i think it was 222 - 0 . georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0 .
wow that is a lot of points . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
that is amazing . i wonder if he ever fumbled the ball in his career ?
i think he is a great player . i wonder if he is the only one in the nfl that is left handed ?
i think it 's crazy that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 1960s
i did n't know that . i wonder how much money bowlers made back then ?
i think it was back in the 1960s . i think it was back in the 1960s .
yes , i agree . baker mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full - time competitive gaming .
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't use facebook , but i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it as much as i used to .
i 'm not sure , but i do know that there are more people on facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago !
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's worth it . i do n't know if i could have bought it .
i think it was a great idea . i wonder if myspace regrets not buying facebook when they had the chance to buy it
i think i 've heard about that promotion before , i wonder how many people actually do it .
i know right , facebook has grown so much , it has grown a lot over the years
yeah , i bet they regret that decision . do you use facebook ?
i did hear about that promotion , i wonder if it was a free whopper lol
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a facebook page ?
i wonder if they have a facebook page that makes most of their revenue from ads
i would have taken a free whopper if i had unfriended 10 friends , i would be so upset if i had unfriended 10 friends for a free whopper lol
i do n't know , i do n't know why they did that . i wonder why they did n't like the like button ?
i do n't know . i do know that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the us government publishes the full names of anybody who chooses to renounce their citizenship .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the government owns the 86 % of the land in nevada .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any of the land in nevada ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was able to sell the eiffel tower twice by impersonating a government official .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i do know that the government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years .
yeah , i wonder if they have any documents that the government is trying to destroy them .
you too !
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the u.s . has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city 's stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is nice that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
i think it 's funny that they have a statue of 1-click buying , i wonder if they have any good food ?
i think that is a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the us government has no written rule against women playing .
i think that is a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's sad that the us government has n't been around for over 100 years .
i think that the problem is that the us is not the only one to do so .
i think it 's sad that the us has n't been around for a while .
i think it 's because of the fact that the united states has more computing power than the us government .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's sad that the us has n't been around for decades .
i think that the problem is that the problem is that the problem is that the us is not being able to handle the political climate .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i 'm not sure . i do know that google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 .
i did not know that . i wonder how many people were able to do that ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google used goats to mow their lawn instead of hiring people .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google used goats to mow their lawn .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i could do that .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that the google ceo is a dog company .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the amount of money they have in the air ?
yes , i agree . i think it 's sad that the us is not the only one who can do that .
i think that is a good idea . i think that is a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that 's a good idea .
i think that the problem is that the us is getting too political for the us .
i think that the government is trying to destroy wikileaks , they are trying to destroy wikileaks
i think that the government is trying to control the government .
i think that is a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the us government publishes the names of anybody who chooses to renounce their citizenship .
i think that is a great idea .
i think it 's funny that the government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years .
i think that is a good idea .
i think it 's because of the fact that jp morgan bailed out the us in 1895 .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that jp morgan bailed out the usa in 1895 .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are still in the same boat as the show shark tank ?
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good show .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea .
you too !
you too !
i think he is a great leader . i think he is a great leader .
i think he is a great leader . i think he is a great leader .
i do n't know . i do n't think he 's doing a good job .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that peter gabriel is dead now .
i think it 's funny that the senate used the same gavel for 165 years until richard nixon cracked it .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a good relationship with the senate .
i think it 's funny that the senate used the same gavel for 165 years until richard nixon cracked it .
yes , i agree . i wonder if the candy desk is the same as the candy desk ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a candy desk there ?
i think it 's funny that women were not allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993 .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think trump is on that list . i wonder if he is on the list of the wealthiest presidents in us history .
i wonder if he is rich enough to be called president banana like the president of zimbabwe .
i wonder if he has a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the runner up in the election automatically became the vice president .
i wonder if that means anything to the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i would love to visit the white house . i wonder if it is still bigger than the white house .
i think snakes are a great example of a legless lizards that are not snakes .
i think snakes are a great form of snakes . i think snakes are a great form of snakes .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have snakes there ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they are scared of snakes ?
i do listen to the radio . i listen to the radio a lot .
i wonder if they have a radio station that plays the news in latin ?
i wonder how they figured out how to do that
yeah , i wonder how they figured out how to do that
i think that is a great movie . i think it was the first movie to be dubbed in a language .
wow that is amazing . did you know jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is still on the radio ?
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is still around in the world .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that canadian law requires 40 % of the music played be canadian .
i wonder if they have a bunch of justin bieber and drake ?
i do n't know . i do know that canadian law requires 40 % of the music played be canadian .
i wonder if they have any good radio dramas .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it would be interesting to listen to a news program in latin .
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i have not . i wonder if it is still around ?
i do n't know , i wonder if it is still around , or if it is static or something .
you too !
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder how myspace feels about that .
i think it was a great idea . i bet myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i think it 's funny that facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm sure myspace regrets not buying facebook for $ 75 million back in 2005 .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a whopper . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a whopper . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i 'm sure they do . i wonder if they have a facebook account ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they are kicking themselves for that .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they do n't like the movie snow .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the same as the song frozen ?
i think it was the first disney film directed by a woman .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i agree . i think it 's funny that elsa was the villain in frozen , but i think it was the first disney film to be directed by a woman .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that the director of the movie frozen was the first disney film directed by a woman .
i agree . i also like disney pictures . frozen was the first disney film directed by a woman .
i think he was a great guy . i think he was a great guy .
you too !
you too !
you too !
you too !
you too !
you too !
i know , right ? did you know that the sun is a dense body ?
i know , right ? did you know that the sun is a dense place in the sun ?
i think that s a good idea , i wonder if the body ever had a lower cost of the shoes
i know right , i wonder if they are still around to stay away from the sun , i wonder if they have a good reason for that
i 'm not sure . i 've heard that shoes can be used to be made of 5000 years ago .
i think that shoes are very useful for people . i wonder if they have any 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes .
i do n't know if i could do that . i do know that ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i think it 's cool that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes .
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if they have any 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if they have any good shoes .
i think it 's crazy that shoes were invented for bachelors who could n't afford to endorse them
i wonder if they have any good shoes .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he 's a good player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great way to raise awareness .
i think he was the first king to travel around the world .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel to mackinac island . they have banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i would love to travel to mackinac island .
that is a lot of money ! i wonder if they have a car that is in iceland ?
i would love to travel to iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of football ?
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of the nfl ?
i do n't know much about football . i do know that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is painted pink .
i think it is great that they can track the speed and velocity and rotation and such .
i know right , i would have walked off the field and then just walked off the field lol
i agree . i think it is a lot more than the actual game .
yeah , i guess that is why they are so good .
yeah , i think it is pretty boring .
i like the patriots , i like the patriots , what about you ?
i think it was back in the 1960s , but i think it was back in the 1960s .
i think it was back in the 60 's , but i 'm not sure if it was back then .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player . he has never fumbled the ball in his career .
i agree , he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great record , he has a great record , he is a great player , he is a great player
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great record , he has a great record as well , he is a great player and also a great player
i have heard that . i wonder if they are able to track the stats like velocity and rotation and such .
i think they also put tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a player 's moves on the field .
i think they have a chip in the ball , i think its great that the players have a chip in their shoulder pads and the ball speed , that s a great thing to do
i think that would be a great idea , i wonder if they have a chip in the ball , maybe they can use that info to make the game safer
i think they could use that data to make the game safer too .
yeah , i would like to see a female kicker someday .
i would love to see a woman play in the nfl , i would love to see a woman play in the nfl , i wonder if they have a rule against it
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it was worth it ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the label in china ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was worth it ?
i think it 's a good idea , i wonder if it 's because of the collar gaps in the clothes
ya i think that is wild , i wonder how much clothing they made back in 1986
ya i think that is crazy , i would n't want to wear clothes that would be delicious haha , i would n't wear clothes that were made from the usa , i would n't wear any clothes haha
i did not know that . i wonder if they have clothes that are tailored or not ?
i did n't know that , i wonder if they wore black for special occasions
ya that is crazy , i wonder if they wore a baggage fee , i guess a guy wore 70 items of clothing in a chinese airport to avoid bagging charge
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have a clothing line in alabama
i wonder if they have a clothing line like the us senate 's ?
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen a sumo match . i 've never ridden a horse .
i do n't know , i do know that women were not allowed to wear pants on the us senate floor until 1993
i did n't know that . i wonder if they wore trousers like they did in the romans
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if they were wearing trousers ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any pants in the us ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was allergic to horses ?
i do n't know , i do know that the dutch are working on a bus that can go 160 mph
wow that is crazy ! i wonder if he ever got any free food on that website ?
no , i did n't know that . i wonder if they have buses that travel 160 mph ?
i wonder if he ever ordered a clock in a mountain that will last 10,000 years
i think that is a great idea ! i think it 's crazy that the sun is actually white and not yellow because of atmospheric scattering .
i think that is a great idea . a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the sun .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than neptune 's orbit around the sun .
i think it 's crazy that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy .
i 'm not sure . i know that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy .
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's true , but i do know that the company owns imdb , i wonder if it 's because it 's been around since 1998
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the amount of money amazon workers .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their daily shift .
i did n't know that . i wonder if the amazon packages are on sunday ?
i have not . i do n't know if i have ever bought a package on sunday .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do know that amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays .
i think that would be fun to read . i would like to read some of those cs lewis and tolkien .
i think i 've heard that before , i 'm sure it 's a good idea . i 'm sure it 's a good idea . i 'm sure it 's a good idea . i 'm sure it 's a good idea .
i think i have read that before , i think it 's crazy that amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their daily shift
i agree , i think it 's crazy that in the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of reading novels .
i agree , i think it would be a great book , i love the movie starship troopers , i think its a great book
i love reading . i love reading . i love reading . i love reading .
i have not read that one . i have read a lot of books . i have read a lot of books .
i think that is a great book . i think it 's funny that starship troopers is the first sci - fi novel on the reading list of three of the five us military branches .
i do n't have any favorites . i do n't have a particular one .
i did not know that . i did know that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
yes , i agree . netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i think it 's crazy that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits
i know right , and they make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have access to the internet , i know that google bought youtube in 2006 for 1.65 billion dollars
i agree ! i love that google used goats to mow their lawn !
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have goats like google , they have goats that are used to mow their lawn
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google used goats to mow their lawn .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if they have a good reception .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i know , right ? i wonder if they have a good internet addiction , i wonder if they have a good internet connection
i know , i have never heard of that before .
i 'm sure it is , i wonder if they have 3 g cell service at the top of mt . everest
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's on mt . everest ?
i 'm sure they do n't read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure it 's a good thing they do n't have to worry about the internet .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever read the terms of service when i 'm buying a product or service on the internet .
i wonder if they have a phd like google maps ?
i think it would be a good idea . i would be interested to know more about the internet .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is true that the bible is the most sold book of all time
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was part of the education system until 1963 .
i 'm not sure , but i know that the bible is a very popular book .
i do n't know . i think it 's interesting that thomas jefferson created his own version of the bible , cutting out the miracles and the resurrection .
i think he did . he cut out the parts of the bible .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a translation or not .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was an apple or a bible ?
i wonder if the bible was based on a real building in iraq
i did not know that . i wonder if it was based on the bible or if it was based on a book or two ?
i do not . i do know that the first episode of the simpsons was called " the simpsons " .
wow that is amazing . do you know what the first episode of snl is ?
yeah , i wonder if they ever had a different voice .
i wonder if homer ever had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes ?
that is crazy , i wonder if he ever got into pokemon , there are 750 episodes of pokemon
i did not know that . i wonder if it was on netflix ?
i did not know that , i wonder why they did that ?
i think that is a great show . i think it is funny that there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun 's music
i do , i love the radio , i love the radio , how about you ?
wow that is a lot of justin bieber and drake , i wonder if he ever played any canadian radio
same here , have a good one
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
yeah i guess he did that to the director of the movie
yeah . do you know who brad bird is ?
i think he did the voice of edna mode , which is the director of the movie .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think it was the incredibles 2 , right ?
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was in the movie too .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was in the movie too .
i think that is a great movie . i think it is a great movie .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think it would be a great show , i think it would be a great movie , i love comedy central , they have cancelled over 100 shows since 1989
i think it 's funny that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i do like some of the shows . i like seinfeld , friends , and frasier .
i do nt think i have seen that one , i think its a great show , i love that show , i love that show , i love that show
i did nt know that either , i wonder why it was named after the british comedy group
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a tribute to the british comedy group or if it was named after them .
i think it was a great show . i think it was a great show .
i agree . it was nice chatting with you !
i like him too . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
i like some rap . i like the old stuff like eminem .
i like him too . he is a great rapper .
i like him too . i like his music .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he has a lot of good music .
i think he was a great rapper . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever went to a compliment battle ?
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called " compliment battle " .
i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i have heard of that . i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i think she would have been a good fit for her . i think she would have been a good fit for her .
i do n't know , i do know a google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon
i do n't know , i do know a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon
i do n't know , i do know a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have goats like google used goats to mow their lawn
i think that is a great idea , i think google is a great company , i love google , its been great chatting with you today , i need to google it now
i think it 's crazy that google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if google maps uses google maps to calculate traffic
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure he was a fan of his death .
i 'm not sure , but i know he was a great player .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if he was a fan of his .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure he was a fan of his death .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a very sad story .
i think that was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie
i think he was a great player , he was a great player and a great player , i think he was a great player , he had a great cast , i think he was a great player
i think he was in the movie too .
i think he is a great example of a lot of the new england patriots and the other one , i think he is a great example of what he is doing
i think he was a great choice , he was a great choice , i think he was a great choice
i think he was a great player , he was a great player and a great player , he had a great career in the history of the game
i think he was a great qb , he had a great career in the game , i think he was a great qb
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
yes , i am a fan of alex smith .
i think it was a ford , but i think it was a great idea .
i think it is a great idea , i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers
i think it would be a good idea . i wonder if the car is in the us ?
i agree . i think it would be a good idea to put flamethrowers on your car .
you too !
you too
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to see a video of that .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great way to get a college education .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it is a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep people informed .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that someone tried to make a video of a fake patch on their car .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the movie " black mirror " is not a good idea .
i think that the statement is a little bit of a problem . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea .
i like michael caine . he became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class .
i like the patriots . i think they are a great team .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great show .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that only 7 % of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it is a great idea . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it would be a good idea .
you too !
you too !
i do n't really follow politics much . i do n't really follow politics much .
i do n't know , but i do know a guy in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower not once but twice !
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it was a great con artist .
i think it 's funny that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
that is a lot of money ! i wonder if the us is doing good with the geneva convention ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks .
i wonder if the government owns the 86 % of the land in nevada
i wonder if they have any of the land in nevada that is owned by the us government
i think that is a good idea .
i would love to visit the pink floyd concert in an ancient roman amphitheater .
pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i would love to see pink floyd in pompeii .
yeah , i wonder if they ever played in the ramones , they toured almost non stop for over 20 years
i think pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i think they did a lot of concerts in the past , they toured almost non stop for over 20 years
i think it was in pompeii , i think it was a great show , i wonder if it was the same concert or if it was just a concert
i think it would be cool to attend a concert in a concert like that , i wonder if the band was really bad , i would like to see a concert there
i think it was , i think it was a great show , i would like to attend one of those concerts , i would love to attend one of those concerts , i would love to attend one of those concerts
i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great band , i think it was a great band , i think it was a great band , i think it was a great band
i think they should have been sued for that , i think they should have practiced more than the concert they had back in 2002
i do n't have cable either . i do n't have cable but i do n't have cable . i do n't have cable but i do n't have cable .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a youtube video or something ?
i guess they do n't have to worry about the internet . i guess they spend more on postage than on bandwidth
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if blockbuster is still around ?
i bet blockbuster regrets not acquiring netflix
i think they have a lot of debt . they have 137 million total subscribers worldwide .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix
yeah , i heard that too . i wonder if blockbuster is still around ?
i think that was a great idea , i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix
i know right , i think blockbuster is kicking themselves now , they had the chance to buy netflix for $ 50 million
i do n't have cable but i do n't have cable anymore . i do n't have cable anymore . i do n't have cable anymore .
i do n't have a favorite . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a kindle .
i do n't know if i ever saw one of those old shows . i do n't know if i 've ever seen one of those shows .
i think it 's funny that managers wear uniforms because they can actually play for their team if needed .
haha ya i think you 're right , i do n't know what kickball is called in canada , i guess it 's called soccer - baseball in canada
i think it 's funny that baseball is super popular in japan , it 's also popular in japan
i think it 's funny that baseball is super popular in japan , it 's also popular in japan
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have baseball cards in japan , i would sell some of them
i would love to go to one of those concerts . i would love to go to one of those concerts .
i do n't know much about it . i do know that in croatia there is an ancient roman amphitheatre that is still in use as a concert venue .
i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i 've been to a few times . i 've been to a concert in a few times . i 've been to a few times .
i do n't really know much about it . i do know that the red sox have a basketball team named after the indian government .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't know much about baseball . i know a married couple scheduled all 2430 games each year .
i did not know that . i wonder how many years they were married ?
i think i have read about that , i wonder if they were worth any money , i would sell some of those cards from the attic
i would have to agree ! i would love to find some old baseball cards !
i would love to be a basketball player . i would love to go to the game .
i would have to agree with you there . i would be so shocked to learn that in 39 out of 50 states , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach .
i think it is a great idea , i think its great that the nfl has a player that has a player that has never fumbled the ball in his career
i think he was a great player . he never fumbled the ball in his career .
i 'm not sure . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they ever played on the highest court in the land ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they ever played there ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any bowling alleys in the 1960s .
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much the pay was back then .
i think bowling is a very popular sport . i think it 's funny that the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
i think that is a great invention . i think it was back in the 60 's .
i know right , i think it was back in the 1960s , that is crazy !
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do , i love watching the nfl , how about you ?
i do n't really follow football much . i do like the patriots . i like the patriots .
i do n't know much about football , but i do know that the highest paid department of defense employees are three football coaches .
i do nt know much about football , but i do know that the university of iowa painted their visitor locker room pink .
i do n't know . i do know that the highest paid employees in the department of defense are football coaches .
i think it 's because they are the most important position in the world .
i 'm not sure , but i do know snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son 's high school football team
i do n't know much about snoop dog . i do know that the nfl has a lot of interesting things .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great voice
yeah i guess that makes sense . did you hear about the rule for the new orleans cheerleaders ?
yeah , i think that is true . 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's crazy that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
yeah i think that is true , i think it is crazy that the department of defense employees are the highest paid employees in the department of defense
i did not know that . i wonder if that is the reason why they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players .
i think it is because there are only 2 african american quarterbacks in the nfl .
i do not know that but i know that they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
i think he is the best qb in the nfl .
i wonder if he is still in the nfl , or if he is a good qb .
i think that is a great advantage , i wonder if he is the only one to win the super bowl
i think it would be interesting to see a female kicker in the nfl .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite quarterback . i 'm a fan of baker mayfield , he was a great halo 3 player .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite . i do like the patriots though .
i think they have a good team , i think they should be allowed to play .
i like the patriots , i like the patriots , they are my favorite team , what about you ?
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great team and also a great qb
i do nt know much about him , but i do know that he has a genius level iq
i think he is a great player . he has a genius level iq .
i think he is a great player , he has a genius level iq
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great voice
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he 's a good dad .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think it 's crazy that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime
i think it 's crazy that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think he is a great player . he was working on his master 's degree before he became the first pick in the nfl draft .
i do n't know , i do know alex smith is a great qb and he was working on his master 's degree before he became the first pick in the nfl draft
i think he was a great qb , he was a great qb and really smart , he got his ba in 2 years
yeah , he was a smart guy . he got his bachelor 's degree in only 2 years
yeah , he was a great halo 3 player . he was a great halo 3 player .
yeah , i wonder if he was a starter or if he was a starter or something ?
same here , have a good one
i do n't know much about jazz , but i do know that jazz started in the 1920s .
i do n't listen to jazz , but i do like jazz .
i like jazz , i like the genre of music , what about you ?
i like the old style jazz , i like the old style jazz , i like the old style jazz , it is a classic
i do n't know , i do know that the russians made a computer that runs on water
i do n't know , i do know that the space shuttle 's general purpose computer runs on 1 mb of ram
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a video of that .
i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i have a pixel xl 2 , i
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it 's crazy that the space shuttle 's general purpose computer runs on only 1 mb of ram .
yeah , i guess that makes sense . do you have an apple ?
i think it was in 1936 , but i do n't know why it was called that
i think that 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the russians can build a computer that runs on water ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the russians can build a computer that runs on water ?
i think it 's crazy that the russians made a computer that runs on water
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they will ever upload their minds to computers
i think that would be a great idea . i wonder if they are still alive today .
i think it 's a great album , i think it 's great that the album has been around for a while , it 's been around a long time
you too !
you too , enjoy your day !
you too !
bye
i do . do you know what the longest running skit is ?
yes i do . there is an episode where bart does not appear
i love snl . i love snl . did you know weekend update is the longest running skit ?
yeah . do you like the simpsons ?
wow that is a lot . do you watch the simpsons ?
wow that is a lot . there is an episode where bart does not appear
wow that is a lot . do you watch snl ?
yeah i wonder too . how about that 70s show ?
yes and he is not even mentioned in it
yeah . do you like that show ?
yeah . do you like shakespeare ?
yes and strangely enough he was not even mentioned in it
yes and he is not even mentioned in it
yeah . do you watch the simpsons ?
yes i did , i love that show , it is a great show
yes i did and there are 750 episodes of it
wow that is a lot . do you watch the simpsons ?
yeah . do you know how blockbuster is now now ?
i do . i have a fireplace and a fireplace for my home .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i am , i am a fan of the nfl , what about you ?
i am a fan of the nfl , i think he is a great player , what about you ?
i am a fan of the nfl , i think he is a great player , what about you ?
i am a fan of the redskins . i think he is a great player .
i 'm not sure . i 'm a fan of alex smith .
i think he was a great player .
i think they are going to be putting tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a player 's moves on the field .
i am a bears fan . i am a bears fan .
i like the patriots , i think they are a great team , what about you ?
i am a fan of the patriots . i am a fan of the patriots .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i know , right ?
i do n't know much about it . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've ever seen it .
i like the patriots , i think mayfield is a great player , he is a great qb , he is a great qb
i like the steelers . i am a fan of the new orleans saints .
i like the qb , kellan moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl
i think it is kellan moore .
i did not know that . i wonder if there are other types of football like the nfl .
i did not know that . i wonder if there is a reason why there is only one left handed qb in the nfl
i think he is a great qb . he is a great qb . he is a great qb .
i do like baseball . do you know why the managers wear uniforms ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because there are so many japanese fans in japan that it 's america 's national pastime .
i would sell some of those cards ! i would sell some of those cards !
i would have to check it out . i would love to find out how old baseball cards are .
i bet he was ! i wonder if he ever got to be one of the games that was all the games up until 2005 .
i think they have to be really busy . i wonder if they ever had to do that .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they were able to play baseball .
i think i 've heard of a few of the new ones , but i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen any of them .
i think it 's funny that the managers wear uniforms because they can actually play for the team if needed .
i think it 's because they can play if needed . i think it 's funny that baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if needed .
i think it 's because they can play for the game if needed . i think it 's funny that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think it would be cool to have a manager play in the game .
i think it 's funny that fox news corporation owns fox news .
i do n't really watch much tv . i do n't really watch fox news .
i did n't know that either . i did n't know richard nixon was a republican .
i did nt know that , i wonder why he was nt a republican ,
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that fox news corporation owns fox news , they are a gaming website
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he was a good guy .
i do n't know . i do know that the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat .
i do n't know . i do know that fox news is owned by fox news .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really like the game . i do n't really like the game .
i think that is a great point . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay .
i think it 's because of the pay and the pay . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because there 's no rule against women playing .
i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if they could use that data to negotiate better contracts .
i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be cool if they painted the visitor 's locker room pink like the university of iowa did to the visitors locker room
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i think it 's funny that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
i think that is a great point . i think it 's funny that tom brady never got started in high school .
i think that is a great point . i think it 's funny that the highest scoring football game ever was 222 - 0 .
i know right , i would have walked off the field and never got to see it again .
i think that is a great point . i think it 's funny that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i agree , he must have been a great player , he must be a great player , he must be a great player , he must be a great player , he must be a great player , he has a great team
i think he was a great player . he was a great halo 3 player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great qb . he was a great halo 3 player .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a great sport .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i agree . i think he has a great voice .
i think it was because of the fact that the creator of the python guys did n't like the show , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really good
i agree , he has a great voice , he has a great voice and also a great player , he has a great voice
i think he was a great actor , he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , he had a great voice in the show
i think he was a great actor , he had a great cast , he had a great cast , i think he had a great cast as well , he had a great cast
i think he was a great actor , he was a great actor and a great actor , i think he had a great cast as well , he was a great actor
yeah , i think he was a great comedian .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
yes , he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i agree . i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great point . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the new orleans saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any nfl player .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to score points on the line
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
yeah , i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i agree . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it is a great idea .
same here , have a good one
you too
bye
i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it as much as i used to .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think i 've heard about that before . i wonder if myspace regrets not buying facebook when they had the chance to buy facebook for $ 75 million back in 2005
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that facebook 's " like " button is illegal in schleswig - holstein .
i think it 's because of the fact that facebook is a very popular platform .
i think that is a great idea , i do n't like facebook but i do know that if you unfriend 10 people on facebook you get a free whopper , i wonder if they are worth a lot more now
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's worth it , but i do n't think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever heard of it .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i agree , i think facebook is a great source of info , did you hear about the site that sells artificial intelligence ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that stanford has a artificial intelligence class that can be used for artificial intelligence .
i think it 's because of the snake and a snake .
i have not heard of it . what is it ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a snake or a lizard snake ?
i think that is a very interesting fact .
i think that is a good idea , i think it is a good thing they do n't have necks like they do in the wild
you too !
you too !
you too !
you too !
you too !
i have not been to new zealand , but i have been there a few times .
i do n't think i 've seen photos of them .
i did n't know that . i did n't know steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack .
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he recorded the english version of the tarzan soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think he recorded the soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i think he was a great player . he was a great artist .
i did . i think it was great .
i did n't know that . i did n't know that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors .
i did n't know that ! i wonder if they have any makeup ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder how many colors it was ?
i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i think it was discontinued in 2003 in japan
i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i think its great that the nes was discontinued in 2003 in japan
i think i 've heard that before , i think it 's crazy that in 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment , not food , but for entertainment .
haha ya i agree , i think it 's crazy that the nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september 2003 in japan
i think it 's funny that the nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors .
i agree . i think it 's a very useful idea .
you too !
you too !
i do n't really watch basketball . i do n't really have a favorite team .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know that he is a great player .
i think lebron is a great player . he is a great player .
i do n't know . i do know that lebron is a great player .
i do n't know much about him , but i do know that he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think lebron is a great player .
i know right ! i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i do n't know . i do know that reggie miller is a great player .
i think she was a great player , she scored 105 points in a game and broke 8 national records
i think it 's funny that physicists have proved that shooting granny style is the best technique to score points on the line .
i think he is a great player . he is a very intelligent man .
i think he has a lot of money . he has a lot of money . he has a lifetime contract with reebok .
i think he is a great player , he has a great career in the game , he has a great career in the game
i think he was a great player . he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he is the highest paid celebrity . i think he is the highest paid celebrity .
i think he is the highest paid celebrity .
i think he is the highest paid celebrity . he is the highest paid celebrity .
i think he is the highest paid celebrity .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the cat was founded in 1997 and was not aware of that
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep the eye .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a very dangerous place .
i 'm sure it was . i wonder if it was a publicity stunt .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to go to a museum someday .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that facebook 's " like " button is illegal in schleswig - holstein .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they are using facebook to rewrite their constitution .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a facebook account like button , i wonder why they do nt like the like button
i think that is a great idea . i think it is because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook for only 75 million back in 2005
i think that is a great idea . i do nt think i have ever seen it .
i would have taken advantage of that promotion . i would have taken advantage of that promotion .
i would have loved to have seen that promotion . i would have to unfriend 10 people and get a free whopper .
i think it would be a great idea . i would have taken a page and got a free whopper .
i think it 's crazy that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005
i 'm sure they do n't have to worry about the safety of the car . i wonder if the trunk of the car got its name because older cars had wooden trunks on the back .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they are kicking themselves for not letting the public make suggestions .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i agree , i think it is a great idea , i think its great how you can make a free whopper if you unfriend 10 friends on facebook , you can get a free whopper if you unfriend 10 friends
i do like poetry . i like to read the iliad and the odyssey .
i do n't really like poetry . i do like poetry .
i do n't know much about poetry , but i do know edgar allan poe only received $ 9 for the raven
i do n't know much about poetry , but i do know that there is a poem that when read normally is depressing , but when read backwards is depressing , it is depressing .
i do n't know much about poetry , but i do know edgar allan poe only received $ 9 for the raven
i did nt know that , i wonder if he wrote a poem about it , i wonder if he wrote it
i have not . i have heard of it .
i think i have read that before , i think it 's pretty cool that edgar allan poe only received $ 9 for the raven , that is a lot of money
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if it is because of the moon dust being used to cut through kevlar
i agree , i wonder if it is because of the atmosphere , it is the largest search engine on the moon
i wonder if he ever got to mars , i wonder if it is because of the moon dust
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the moon dust being able to cut through kevlar like material and harmful to humans
i think it 's crazy that nasa had a moon hay fever .
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have methane based life on life ,
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have methane based life on life , i wonder if it is real , maybe they are just a planet full of life
i think it would be cool to visit there . i wonder if they have methane based life on life on it .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have no idea . i 'm not sure .
i do n't know . i do know that the three stooges was a stooges who was an stooges .
i think he was a genius . i wonder if he ever played the violin ?
i think he was a great player , he was a great writer and also a great writer , he also has a genius level
i agree , i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player as well , thanks a lot
i do , i love the sport , i love it , what about you ?
i have not but i hear it is a very popular book .
yeah . do you know what the tb12 method is ?
i think he is a great player , he never fumbled the ball in his career
yeah i think that is so cool . did you hear about that rule for new orleans cheerleaders ?
yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
yeah that is true . did you know the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play ?
yeah i guess they have a lot of work for the game , it is a game that only has 11 minutes of live game play
yeah i think that is so cool . did you know espn won an emmy once ?
yeah , that is true . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
i think that is a great invention . i think it was back in 1916 .
i think that was back in 1916 , georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0
i wonder if the other team was still there .
i 'm sure they were . in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much money bowlers made back then
i think that is a good point . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
yeah i guess they have longer careers so that makes sense
yeah i guess they are using them to track velocity and rotation and such
yeah , i wonder if they can use that data to make the game safer too
i think he cut out the parts of the bible .
i wonder if he cut out the parts of the bible .
i think he cut out the parts of the bible .
i wonder if teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies .
i wonder if they swore on the constitution or if they were adams or something .
i do n't know much about hats . i do know that in finland , a chef in finland has a hat if you are a phd .
i do n't know much about hats . i do know that in england , british politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to know more about the chef in finland that gives a free topping the charts .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat .
i did not know that . i wonder if that is the case in finland where the top hat comes from ?
i think it 's funny that new zealand has a basketball team .
i do n't know , i do know that space jam is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time
i do n't know , but i do know that the supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor .
i do n't know who invented it . i know that volleyball and basketball were both invented at the ymca .
yeah , i heard that . i wonder if it was because of the ymca .
yeah , i heard that . i wonder if it is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time
yeah . do you know who the highest paid employees are ?
yeah , i think that is a great way to stay in school .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they ever play there .
i have not . i have heard of it . i have n't heard of it .
yeah i think it is . do you know who reggie miller is ?
i have no idea . i know they were invented at the ymca .
yeah he is a great player . he is a great player .
yeah , he was a great player . he was a great player .
yeah same here , have a good one
i did not know that . i wonder if the us government owns 86 % of the land in nevada
i did not know that . i wonder if he was in the us ?
i wonder if he was the most intelligent man in the world , i wonder if he was the most intelligent man in the world
i think that is a good idea , i wonder if he was the highest paid government employees
i agree , i wonder if he is the only president to have a phd
i did not know that . i wonder if he had a phd in astrophysics ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of trousers in the us ?
i do n't know , i do know that the romans thought wearing pants was a sign of barbarism
haha that is funny , i wonder if they have any pants in the movie , i guess the hulk has indestructible pants
haha that is funny . i wonder if they have any pants in the movie ?
haha ya i have n't seen it , i guess they tried to ban the flap over the zipper
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
ya i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be a good movie though , i think it would be a good movie though
ya i think that is wild , i wonder if they ever played on the us senate court before the usa usa
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any women in the us ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was a law that was related to the us congress ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if women ever played in the us , they have a lot of rules for women
i do n't know much about the sun . i do know that the sun is actually white .
i 'm not sure . i know that the cloth flap over the zipper .
i know , right ? i wonder if it is still around ?
i think it 's funny that the us senate used the same paris hilton 's personal assistant to paris hilton
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that the soviet union sent a spacecraft to venus .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the atmosphere and the light .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if we can find a way to see it , there is a planet that has been around for a while
i think that is a great idea . i think it would be neat to have a moon ganymede .
i think that is a great idea . i think it would be neat to see a moon in a planet that orbited the sun .
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if we 'll ever see a moon in our lifetime .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the earth is almost 4x as dense as the sun .
i think it 's interesting that peter gabriel is the only one to have a phd in the us .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that the soviet union sent a spacecraft to venus .
i think it is interesting that venus does not tilt so it has no seasons .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the atmosphere .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a lot of methane based life on building blocks .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's crazy that there is a planet that has been found in a planet 455 light years away .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that uranus rolls around the sun instead of spinning on its side .
i think it would be a good idea . i would n't want to live in ohio .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i could afford it . i do know that cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i think it would be a great idea to melt the snow .
yeah , i think it was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i think it 's cool that google 's self driving cars have an aggressive mode .
i think it was the ford model t , which was the first car to be mass produced by ford .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that google 's self driving cars have an aggressive mode .
you too , enjoy your day !
you too !
i do , i love the sport , its a calming color and calming calming the other team
yeah i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on them
yeah . bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
yeah that is true . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
yeah . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
yes that was 222 - 0 when georgia tech beat cumberland
yes that was 222 - 0 when georgia tech beat cumberland
yeah that is true . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
yeah . espn won an emmy once , do you know what for ?
yeah . espn won an emmy once
yeah . do you know how many games there are in the game ?
yeah . did you know women can play too ?
yes there is no rule that prevents them from playing
yeah . did you hear they are placing tracking chips on the players now ?
yeah . do you know how much gameplay is there in a game ?
yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
yeah . did you know engineers make more than football players over their lifetime ?
yeah i guess they have longer careers so maybe that makes sense
yeah . did you hear they are placing tracking chips on the players now ?
yes they are tracking velocity and rotation and such
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he 's a rapper .
i do n't really watch much tv . i do n't have cable but i do like some of the newer stuff .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know , i do n't know why they had to upgrade the count .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is the most disliked video on youtube .
i think it 's funny that police have their own youtube called bluetube , i wonder if they share law enforcement videos
i think that is hilarious . i wonder if it was any good ?
i do n't think i 've seen him in a concert before . i do like him . he is a great performer .
i do n't really like him . i do n't like his music . i do like his music .
i agree . he is a great performer . he has a lot of good work . he has a lot of good work .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i like lebron james , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player
i do n't know . i know he was a dominant player .
i think he was the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas history .
i think he was the best coach in the history of the university of kansas .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building
i did hear about that . i wonder if they have a basketball team ?
i think that is a great idea . i think he is a great performer . he has a great voice .
i agree . i think he is a great performer . he is a great performer .
i 'm doing well . did you know that every president with a beard has been a republican ?
i do n't know much about beards . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a republican or democrat .
i think it 's interesting that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000 .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good idea . i wonder if the taller candidate won the election in the last election was back in 1928 .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if the president of indonesia has a guest house that you can see barack obama 's barack obama ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was born in 1986 ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a president ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was born in kenya .
i think he was the first president to do so .
i think he was a great president . he was a great president .
i think he was a very intelligent man .
i think he was a great president . he was a great president .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think he was a democrat . i think he was a democrat .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i agree . i think it 's funny that harry truman visited disneyland and refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride so he would n't be associated with republicans .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it 's funny that the president of indonesia released a pop album .
i think he was a republican . i think he was a republican .
i think that would be a good idea .
i think it 's interesting that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000 .
i agree , i think its a great idea , i think its a great book , its a great book , i think its a great book , its a great book , i like the author of the book called the book the book , the author of the book called the book , the book , the book , the book , the book , the book , the book , the book is a great author of the author of the book
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that in the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of reading novels .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i have not . i do n't think i 've read that fast . i do n't know if i could read that fast .
i have not read that one , but i have read a lot of books . i do n't think i 've read much of the books myself .
i know right ! i wonder how many times that was out of the century .
i like the patriots , i think the author is a great author , he is a great author and author , i like the author of the book called the tb12 method , i think its great
i like the cowboys . i like the cowboys . did you know that ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he did n't look presidential enough ?
i do n't really like them . i do n't like the patriots though .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is a great player .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great team .
i think the author is a great writer , but i think he is a great writer .
i think they are the best team in the world . they are the best team in the world .
i think he is a great author . he is a great author and author .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great sport .
i think that is a great idea , i think he should do that , i think he is a great player , he has a great voice
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great example of the author and the author of the book .
i think it is a waste of money . i think it is a waste of money .
i think he was a great qb , he had a great career in the nfl , he had a great career as well
yea , i wonder if he ever played for the redskins
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb and also a great player , he is a great qb and also a great player
yea , he was a smart qb , he got his ba in 2 years
yeah , he was a smart qb , he got his ba in 2 years
i think he was a great qb , he had a great career in the bench , he had a great season
i think he was a great qb , he had a great career in the bench , he had a great record
yea , i wonder if he is still playing for the patriots
yeah , i bet he was kicking himself for not being a starter .
i think he is the best qb in the nfl , he is the best qb in the nfl
i wonder if he is the only one in the nfl , i wonder if he is the only one in the nfl
i wonder if that is the reason why the university of iowa painted their visitor locker room pink
i think he is the only one in the nfl , i think he is the best qb in the nfl
i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i did n't know that . i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much the nfl has grown since then
i know , i wonder how much money football players make now , i know there is only 11 mins of actual gameplay in an average nfl game
i agree , i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 mins of live gameplay
i know right , i wonder how many times that is , i know there are a lot of commercials and stuff like that
yeah , i think that would be a great idea , i would nt be able to play football , i would nt be able to play in the game , i would nt be able to play in that game , i would nt be able to play that long , i would nt be able to watch it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the u.s . post office ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if the amazon headquarters are in amazon ?
i think it 's funny that the first customer spent $ 27.95 and got a building named after him .
i think it 's cool that the first customer of amazon got a building named after him .
i have not heard of it , but i have heard it is a great place to visit .
i would love to have a clock in the house !
i wonder if he ever bought a building after him
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because of the amazon workers .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because of the obesity problem .
i wonder if he ever bought a clock in a mountain that will run for 10,000 years
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that amazon owns imdb .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays ?
i did n't know that ! i wonder if amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays ?
i did n't know that ! i wonder if they have a lot of exercise too ?
i wonder if they can do that to bark like dogs do ?
i do n't know , i do know that sharks can be trained to bark like dogs .
i have heard that , i wonder if they have a white shark cafe in the pacific ocean , i wonder if they have a white shark cafe in the pacific ocean
i wonder if they have a white shark cafe ?
i wonder if they ever have a rib cage ?
i wonder if they are still around ? i wonder if they have a white shark cafe ?
yes , i agree . sharks also have a white shark that can crush their own body .
you too !
i wonder if they have a copy of the internet in case it ever goes down ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing that the internet can cause addiction measurable in the brain .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good idea . i 'm sure it 's a good idea .
i do n't really like the movie flubber . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think that was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think that was a great movie . i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a lot of secret rooms ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was the director of the movie .
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet . i know the director edna mode is the superhero costume designer in the movie .
i have n't seen it yet . i have seen the movie . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the director of the movie , sarah vowell , is also a bestselling author of historical nonfiction .
yeah , i think she was a great actress . she was also in the movie the incredibles 2 , and she was the first incredibles movie directed by a woman .
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it yet .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are going to be able to find a way to make the incredibles 2 ?
i think it 's funny that the incredibles 2 came out in 2004 , and the sequel was based on a video game called incredibles : rise of the underminer .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that there is a subculture dedicated to finding hidden mickey mouse images in all things disney .
i agree . i think it 's a great movie .
you too !
you too !
i do n't really follow sports much . i do n't follow the sport much .
i do n't know much about him . i know he was a great player .
i do n't play video games but i do play the game . i used to play the nintendo back in the day .
i do n't know much about the nfl , but i do know that the green bay packers are the only state to have a decent shot .
i think it was a great system . i think it was a great system .
i 'm sure they do ! i 'm sure they have a lot of games now . i also like the handheld console specifically for pokemon .
i 'm sure they do ! i 'm sure they 've been around forever ! i also like the handheld console that came out in 2001 !
i did n't know that either . i did n't know nintendo was founded in 1889 !
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that nintendo was founded in 1889 .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it , but i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think it 's a great idea . matt patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the nfl .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the new orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already eating and a player comes in , they have to leave .
i think it 's crazy that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i think it 's crazy that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure if it 's true , but i do know that the new england patriots are the best team in the world .
i do n't know much about the game , but i do know that the nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan .
i think it 's because of the atmosphere and the light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light light .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if there is a correlation between cell phone connection quality and bars .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of money for them ?
that is interesting . i wonder if they still have a rotary phone ?
i am well , thanks . are you a dog fan ?
i have a dog , i have a dog , she is a great dog , she is so smart , she can even donate blood at dog blood drives
i have a dog . i have a dog . i have a dog .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google prefers dogs to cats .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's interesting that russia has a tomb of the unknown dog as a memorial for canine research subjects .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is cool that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives .
i have a dog , she is a dog person , she is a dog company , she is a dog company and she is a dog company
i think that is great ! i think dogs are very smart too .
i have never been to a dog cafe , i have never been to a dog cafe .
i think that is a great idea ! i think google is a dog company , they are a dog company !
i do n't know much about them . i do know that google is a dog company .
i think google is a dog company . i think it 's funny that google prefers dogs to cats .
i agree . i think it 's funny that dogs have eureka moments to enjoy the experience of solving a problem in order to obtain a reward .
i think that would be a good idea . i think google is a dog company .
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if they have a subway for dogs ?
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to know more about dogs . i think google is a dog company .
i would love to have that kind of budget . i would have loved to have seen evan almighty .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i agree . i think google is a dog company . they are a dog company .
you too !
i agree . i think it 's great that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives .
you too !
i do n't have a dog . i do n't have a dog . i do like dogs .
i have a dog , i have a dog , she is a dog company , she is a dog company
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a dog blood drive ?
wow that is a lot of blood types for dogs . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs
yes they can learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps
yeah . do you like dogs ?
yeah . do you like dogs ?
yes they are a dog company , they are a dog company
yeah . do you like dogs ?
yeah . do you like dogs ?
yeah . in moscow they learned to use the subway
yeah . do you have a dog ?
yes it is illegal to warm up your car in ohio
yeah . do you know how cadillac got its name ?
yes it was mcdonald 's back in 1975
yes that was mcdonald 's back in 1975
yeah . do you know how the drive thru came about ?
wow that is a lot of cars . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
yes it was the pump symbol on the dash which side the car the car the little arrow next to the pump symbol on the dash which side the car the car is on the pump symbol
yes because old cars used to have wooden trunks
i have no idea . i wonder if it is because it is the fastest car in the world
i do like country music . i like the most recent stuff .
i do like country music . i like country music .
i do n't listen to country music much . i do listen to country music . i do listen to country mostly .
i do n't know . i do know that there are only 2 african americans in the country music hall of fame .
i did n't know that . i wonder if george strait ever thinks of the wealthiest man in the world ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever wrote any of his music ?
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think that is cool . i wonder if they were any good ?
i do . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i love the band u2 . they were introduced as the dalton brothers from galveston texas
i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms
i love the old radio dramas . i love the old radio dramas .
i think it would be interesting to listen to the radio . i think it 's interesting that the radio has been around for a while now .
i do n't know , but i do know there is a finnish radio station that broadcasts news in latin .
i do n't know , but i do know that jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio .
i do n't know , but i do know there is a finnish radio station that broadcasts news in latin .
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i would love to listen to that site . i wonder if there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i do n't know , but i do know that in canada , all radios must play at least 40 % canadian music .
i think that is a great law . i would like to listen to that .
i do n't know much about him . i know that the only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is the only president to have a phd ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the browns last playoff win was in 1995 against the steelers .
i do n't know , but i think it would be a good idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if there is a reason for that .
i think that is a great idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i know , right ? i wonder if the nfl will ever have a female player in the nfl ?
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen a female player in the nfl , but i do n't think i 've seen any of them play .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is the first north korean leader in the world to be born in 1983 .
i do n't know . i do know that he has been born in 1977 .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's ever been born in june 2018 ?
i think he is a great leader . i think he is a very intelligent man .
i think he 's a great leader . i think he 's a very good leader .
i think he 's a great leader . i think he 's a very accomplished person .
i think he 's a great leader . i think he 's a very accomplished person .
i 'm not sure . i do know that kim jong un was voted the sexiest man alive by the onion .
i think he is a very good leader .
i agree , i think he is a great leader , he is a great leader and also a great leader , you know that kim jong un learned to drive at age 3 , that s a good thing to do
you too !
you too !
i love watching tv . did you know there is only one shakespeare shakespeare play in the simpsons ?
i love the simpsons , i love the simpsons , there is an episode where bart does not appear
i love the simpsons , i love the homer channel , he is the best
i like the simpsons , i like the simpsons , i also like the simpsons , there is an episode where bart does nt appear
i do nt know , i do nt know why , i do nt know why they are nt the star of the show ,
i have not seen that one , i have seen it , i think it is funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
i wonder if homer ever appeared in the first 400 episodes of the simpsons ?
that is crazy , i wonder if he ever got to see that episode , i wonder if he was in the show
i did nt know that , i wonder if he is the best lol , do you watch the show shark tank ?
yeah , i think it was a great show , i wonder if it was because it was a verbatim remake .
i think that s a great show , i wonder if it was on netflix or if it was a remake of the show ,
i do nt really like that show , i do like it , i like it , i like that 70 's show , i like it
i do nt really like traveling , i do nt have a car , do you ?
yeah , i heard that . i wonder if they have a commuter bus that can travel 160 mph
i did hear that , i wonder if they have a bus that goes 160 mph
yeah i would like to travel more , i would love to travel to japan and have to pay tolls
yeah , i would like to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i think it would be a great way to travel around the country .
yeah . do you know why air travel is 10 % slower than it was in the 60s ?
i know , i would be so sad if i had to go to a museum .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the dodo bird is actually a dog company .
i 'm doing well ! i 'm a fan of animals , but i 'm not really a fan of them .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the pigeon is the first species to be domesticated .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly like the wild birds in australia ?
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that birds can mimic different sounds of cameras , car alarms , and even chainsaws .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they are very smart . i wonder if they have a dog cafe in asia .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that google prefers dogs to cats .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i agree . dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i agree ! i think it 's crazy that dogs have 12 different blood types !
i think it 's funny that the dodo bird is a protected species .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have a good relationship with the animals . i wonder if they have a different types of animals like sesame street ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if robin williams ever got the start of the celebrity voice actor ?
i think he was a great actor . i wonder if he ever visited pixar secret room that is visited often by celebrities .
i think it 's funny that judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode !
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if she has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a secret room that is visited often by celebrities .
i 'm not sure . i know judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode .
i think he was a great writer . i think he was a great writer .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the birds in england can make a living with a bird .
i think that is a great idea , i think its great how the bird is able to do that , i think its a great thing to do , its a great thing to do , its been great chatting with you today !
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the birds in england can do that .
i do n't know much about him , but i do know that google maps tailors its maps to the claims of each country where the browser is located
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was a player in the nba .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's a good player .
i think he did , he was a great player , he had a great carreer , he had a great carreer , i think he had a great carreer
i did hear about that , i think it was a great deal , i think he had a great deal with him , he got a great deal with him
i think it would be cool if they had a free agent like allen iverson did , he got a great deal with nike
i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line
i think it 's funny that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike just paid the fine .
i think that was a great marketing tactic , i think he was a great player , i wonder if he still wears them
i think that was smart of him to do that . i think he was a great player .
i think that was a great idea , i wonder if they still have goats like google did in 1998
i did not know that . i wonder if they have goats like google 's goats ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google used goats to mow their lawn instead of hiring people
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that google maps tailors its maps to the claims of each country where the internet browser is located .
i do n't know , i do n't know how they calculate traffic
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a bunch of goats .
i do n't know if i have ever used google maps . i do know that google maps tailors its maps to the claims of each country where the internet browser is located .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a bunch of goats .
i think google is a great company .
i do n't really use it much anymore . i do n't know much about the us .
i do n't know much about the government . i do know that 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that a man in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower not once but twice .
i think it 's funny that a man in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower not just once but twice !
i think he is a great guy , i think he is a great norwegian government , they donated $ 1 billion to save the amazon rainforest
i think that is a great idea , i think the us government is a great place to support the environment , i think its a great idea to support local governments and also the environment
i think that is a great idea , i think they are the most important part of the world , they are the most important part of the world , i think they are the most important part of the world
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the us passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva conventions .
i agree . i think it 's funny that warner bros and lebron james have signed a new deal for a space jam sequel .
i agree . he is a great player . he has been in the new space jam movie .
i 'm not sure . i do know that he 's a great player .
i think he 's a great player . he 's been in the air for a while .
i do n't know . i do n't know if he 's going to be in the mood . he raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising " the decision " .
he was a great player . he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he is a great player . he has been around a long time . he has been around a long time .
i think he is the highest paid celebrity .
yeah , i think he is the highest paid celebrity .
yes , i agree . i think it 's crazy that judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode .
i agree , i think it is a great show , i think its great how a pop battle can be really interesting , you know that ricky gervais was a pop singer in the 80 's
you too !
you too !
i do like music . i listen to a lot of classical music .
i have . i love linkin park .
i have not . i have not heard of it .
i have not heard of it . i wonder if it was any good ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was a good album .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they still have a rap album ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think it would be cool to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years !
i know right ! i wonder if it is because of atmospheric scattering
i know right ! i wonder if we can harness that energy from lightning bolts
i know right ! a lightening bolt is 5x hotter than the sun !
that is crazy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i know , right ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the trunk of a car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it was the ford model t , i think it was invented in 1908
i think it 's crazy that mcdonalds invented the drive thru in 1975
i agree , i would nt want to live in south africa where it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking
haha that is crazy , i wonder if they have flamethrowers on the back of the car in south africa
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a flame thrower attached attached to the back of the car ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a very dangerous place .
i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much .
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it as much as i used to . i do n't use it much .
i would have to agree with you on that . i wonder if they are kicking themselves for that ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a facebook account like button .
i do n't know , i do n't know why it is blue .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
yeah , i think it was a great idea . i wonder if myspace regrets not buying facebook .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
yeah , i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that there was a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that iceland is rewriting their constitution via facebook .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep people informed .
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i do n't think i 've ever tried it . i do n't think i 've ever used it . i do n't think i 've ever used it .
i think that is a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever read the terms of service .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know that kellan moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl .
yeah , i heard he was a starter in high school .
yeah , i think he is a great qb . he is a great qb .
yeah , i think it was paul d. hubbard who was deaf and did not want the other team to read his hand signals .
i think that is a great idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that is a very silly rule . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave if a player enters .
i think that is a very sexist rule . i think it 's a very sexist industry .
yeah , i think that is a very sexist rule .
yeah , i think that is a good point . do you know who alex smith is ?
yeah , he was a smart guy . he got his bachelor 's degree in only 2 years
yeah he was a smart guy , he got his ba in 2 years and then started working on his masters
yeah , he was a great halo 3 player . he was a great halo 3 player .
yeah , i think he was a great halo 3 player . he was a great halo 3 player .
yeah , i think he was a great halo 3 player .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team . in the 1960 's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
i think it 's crazy that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
i think it 's crazy that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i am a fan of the nfl , i think it is a great team , what about you ?
i do n't really follow the nfl much . i do n't have a favorite team though .
i like the packers , they are my favorite team , what about you ?
i like the packers , they are my favorite team , what about you ?
i like the packers , they are a team that is named after the indian packing company
i think they have a great team , they have sold out every game since 1960
i bet they are . i wonder if they have a market for the packers .
i 'm not sure . i do know the green bay packers are the only team to ever beat the packers .
i think that would be a great team , i think the team would have a lot more interesting rules , i wonder if they ever had a female player in the nfl
i think they are the only team to have a team that is the packers , the team is the packers , the team with a name
i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be cool if a woman player did make a pro roster and make a team like the saints cheerleaders .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool if a woman could play in the nfl .
i think that is a great idea , i think it would be a great game if they had a woman in the game , i think its a great sport , i think its a great sport , i think its a great sport , you know there s only 11 mins of actual live gameplay in a game
yeah , i guess that is why they are so short .
i think that is crazy . i wonder how much money bowlers made back in the 1960s
i 'm not sure . i know there is a rb that never fumbled the ball in his career .
i think that is a great invention . i think it is a great invention .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he had a great career in the game , i wonder if he was good at it
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team or just the other team .
i wonder if that was the highest scoring game ever ?
i do n't really know much about the government . i do know that the government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years .
i think it 's funny that wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks .
yeah , i wonder if wikileaks is the one that published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks
i wonder if they have any documents that the government owns the land in nevada ?
i wonder too . did you know the chinese government owns 86 % of the land in nevada ?
i wonder if they are any good . a man in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower twice .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he bought the eiffel tower twice by the way
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good question . i 'm sure it 's a good thing that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that monaco eliminated income tax in 1869 because they were sufficient to sustain the government .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents in american history .
i do n't really like the president of indonesia , but i do know that fdr was the last president to speak a foreign language .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if we would have a vp like the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the vice president like the president of indonesia did
i wonder if trump is in the guest house ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if trump is upset about the president 's guest house being bigger than the white house ?
i think trump is on that list . i think he 's not one of the top three wealthiest presidents in american history .
i did n't know that . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i 'm sure he is , i wonder if he has any good songs like the president of indonesia , he released 3 pop albums while in office
i wonder if trump is any good ?
i think that is a good question . i wonder if trump is one of the wealthiest presidents in us history
i did not know that . i 'm not sure i 've heard of him .
i did nt know that , i wonder if he was a fan of marvel comics , marvel published a generic comic book ,
yeah , i heard that too . i wonder if he was any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they do . i 'm sure they have a lot of money .
i think it 's because of the fact that dc comics stands for detective comics .
i think it 's because dc comics stands for detective comics .
i do n't really like comics . i do n't know if i 've ever seen any of them .
i have nt seen it but i guess it makes sense , i like batman and batman , i guess dc comics stands for detective comics
i like the punisher . i like the punisher .
i like the batman trilogy , i think it 's a great movie , i like the batman trilogy , what about you ?
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie , i think it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie
i did n't know that . i did know that the movie was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i did n't know that . i wonder if she was in the movie ?
i 'm not sure . she was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i think she is a great actress , i think she is a great actress , she is a great actress and a great actress
i think it is . i think it is the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
yeah , i think that was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
yeah and also the highest grossing ww1 movie
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of the nfl ?
i am well , thanks . are you a fan of football ?
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really like the nfl .
i am a fan of the patriots .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know much about football .
i think the rams are a great team . i think they are a great team .
i like the redskins . i think they are a great team .
i like the redskins . i think they are a great team .
i like the patriots . i like the patriots .
i think it is because of the offense .
i do n't know much about football . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it is because of the opposing team or if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder too . did you know espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games ?
i 'm not sure . i do know that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay .
i think that is crazy . in the 60 's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i think that is a great invention . i think it 's cool that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
yeah , i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if they are able to track the stats like the cheerleaders and players .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is very useful for the players .
i do like rap . i like it .
i do . i like tupac shakur .
i think rap is a very popular genre . i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in rap form when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i think it 's interesting that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i think it 's interesting that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of money . i wonder if the judge in michigan rapped her ruling in rap when she was trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i think he was a great rapper . i think he was a great rapper .
i think busta rhymes is a great actor . he voiced the reptar wagon in the rugrats movie .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that . i do know that korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called " compliment battle " .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the library of congress has a form of rap called " compliment battle " .
i think he was a great rapper . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that he wanted to be a comic book artist before he became a rapper .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nba has 30 teams .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nba has 30 teams .
i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to score points on the line .
i think he is a great player . he gets 800,000 a year until he is 55 .
i think it 's funny that the inventor of basketball was a losing coach in the university of kansas ' history .
i think it 's funny that the nba was founded in 1946 in new york city .
i have not . what is it about ?
i have not . what is it about ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the president of indonesia released a pop album in his life .
i do n't know much about him . i do know he has a bunch of books .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is a great player .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it .
i do n't have a vinyl format . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a landline .
i do , i have a vinyl collection , i have a few old vinyl records , i have a few cds , i have a few cds , i have a few cds .
i do n't have any but i do like pink floyd .
i have a few old vinyl albums . i have a few old vinyl records .
i have not heard of daft punk before . i have heard of them .
i have a few old vinyl albums . i have a few old vinyl records .
i do n't have a landline , but i do n't have a landline , i do n't have a landline , i do n't have a landline , i do n't have a landline , i do n't have a landline , i do n't have a landline , i have a landline , i have a landline , i have a new one .
i have a mercedes , i have a mercedes , i have a mercedes , what about you ?
nice . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
i think it 's crazy that it 's legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a problem or not ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's legal in south africa to equip flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking .
i do . i love pink floyd . what about you ?
you too !
i do . i love the movie starship troopers .
i love the movie starship troopers . it was the first sci fi novel on the reading list of three of the five us military branches .
i have not seen it but i have seen it .
i do n't know , i do know that the uniforms worn by the alliance on firefly are leftover costumes from the original firefly
ya i think it 's crazy that blizzard entertainment gives swords and shields to their games
no i have n't , i have n't seen it but i have seen the movie , i guess it 's good to have a good cast though
ya i have , i have n't played the game but i have n't played the game yet , i guess the director of the game was the director of the game , i guess the costume designer in the movie is also guatemala
i have , i have n't played the nes , i did play the nes , i did play it as a kid , i did play it as a kid
i did , i played the nes as a kid , i played it a lot as a kid
i did , i was a lot more than the nes , it was a lot more than that
yeah , i think it was a great system , it was a great system , i think it was a great system , mario kart
yeah . do you know why the pants were invented ?
yes that is the cloth flap over the zipper
i do n't know , i do know that collinsville , il has a law that prohibits " saggy pants "
haha that is funny , i wonder if they enforce that law in the us , i wonder if they have a law that prohibits saggy pants
i think it 's funny that pants were invented for the us marine corps
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the us senate used the same paris hilton campaign for women to wear pants .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i wonder if the romans thought of pants as barbaric ?
i think that is a very silly law , i wonder if they enforce that
same here , have a good one
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of the universe ?
i think that is a great theory . i think it is really cool that the universe is one giant superhologram .
i think it is because of the constant novelty from the sun .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think there is a lot of theories about the universe .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is really cool that the universe is one giant superhologram .
i think that is a great idea . i think there is a lot of theories about the universe .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think the universe is a great source of energy .
i think that is a great idea . i think that the universe is a big superhologram .
you too !
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think we should be able to figure out what we are doing .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that there is a satellite in space that has a satellite .
i think it is a possibility . i think it is a very interesting idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think there is a lot of space in the universe .
i think that is a great idea . i think there is a lot of theories about the universe .
i think that is a good idea . i think there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i do n't know much about the universe . i do know that the movie was based on a book called " the incredibles : the dark knight rises " .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the animals that are domesticated are domesticated in other places .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the animals are domesticated or if they are domesticated .
i have a dog , i have a dog , she is a great animal .
i agree . i think it 's funny that germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally - guaranteed legal rights .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the animals being protected by the judge in 2002 .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's because of the law that germany gave animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights .
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally - guaranteed legal rights .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that there are 20 quintillion animals on the planet .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that there are 20 quintillion animals on the planet .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that scotland passed a protection act in loch ness monster .
i think that is a good idea . i think that is why they are domesticated .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated .
i have not . i have n't been to the venom in years . i have n't been to the ipic theater in years .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of bandwidth in the us ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 mill .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the creator of netflix was inspired to start netflix after he racked up 40 bucks in late fees on a vhs copy of apollo 13 .
i think that was a great idea . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 mill .
i think he was a great player , but i think he was a great player .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving fantasy and reality .
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i think it is a great way to gamble .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have fantasy congress league like fantasy football or baseball .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that jim henson created the dark crystal radio show .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have fantasy congress league like the fantasy congress league .
i think that is a great point . i think it 's funny that kellan moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl .
yeah , i think he is a great qb . he was a great qb .
i think he was a great qb , he had a great career in the game , he had a great career in the game
yeah , i think he was a great qb . he was a great halo 3 player .
yeah , he was a great halo 3 player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good qb ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played football in the nfl ?
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb and also a great player , he has a great record
wow , that is a lot of money ! i wonder if he is still playing in the mlb ?
i wonder if he was a starter ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was a qb or a coach ?
yeah , i bet he was kicking himself for not being a starter .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
that is a great trade . i wonder if he was a qb ?
that is a great way to put it . i wonder if the highest paid employees in the department of defense employees are football coaches ?
that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i have not . i did n't realize that netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do n't think i 've ever seen it before . i do n't think it 's true that netflix spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great show .
i know right ! i wonder if they still have that option .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the internet .
yeah , i guess blockbuster did n't like it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million
yeah , i bet blockbuster regrets not acquiring netflix .
yeah , i think that is why i have n't seen it . i think it 's a great show .
i think it 's crazy that only 7 % of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i do n't . i do n't have the time to read the terms of service .
i 'm not sure , i do n't think i 've ever read the terms of service , i 'm sure it 's a good thing they do n't have a saved copy of the internet
i do n't know , i do n't read the terms of service , i do n't have time to read the terms of service , i do n't know if i have ever read them , i do n't have the time to read them , i do n't have the time to read them , i do it though .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have ever read the hamburger button , i do n't know what it looks like though
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have ever done that .
i know right , i wonder how many subscribers they have now , they are worth 2 billion dollars
i think that is a great idea . i do n't know if i have ever seen it .
i think that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i think that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i do . i use it a lot . it 's amazing that it took 40 % of web traffic with it .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than what it takes to do with google .
i 'm not sure . i do know a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon .
i think that is a great idea , i think it is really cool that google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if google is a dog company , they have goats
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if google is a dog company , they have a lot of power
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have goats like google used goats to mow their lawn instead of hiring people
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 .
i agree . i love how amazon has a contract with the post office to deliver on sundays .
i do like amazon . i think it is amazing that jeff built a clock in a mountain that should run for 10,000 years .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he ever bought any of his products ?
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because of the low end products ?
that is a lot of walking ! i wonder if he ever ordered the clock that runs for 10,000 years ?
i know , i would n't be able to do that ! i wonder if amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays ?
i agree . i wonder if amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays ?
i agree . did you know 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government ?
i wonder if the government owns 86 % of the land in nevada
i 'm sure they do ! i 'm sure they do n't have to worry about the environment . i 'm sure they do n't have to worry about the environment .
you too !
you too !
i do . there is 3 g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt . everest
i 'm not sure , i do n't read the terms of service . i do n't read the terms of service when buying a product or service on the internet .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is a hamburger ?
i think it is a great idea , i think it is a great idea , i ve seen a few of those documents , i think its a great thing to do , i ve seen a lot of people on the internet
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure it 's a good thing .
i 'm not sure , i 'm sure it 's a good thing they do n't have to worry about the internet .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a copy of the internet saved in case it ever burns down .
i think it would be a good idea , i wonder if the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i think that is a good idea , i wonder if they have a good signal , there is internet service on mt . everest
i think that s a good idea , i think its a great idea , the sun is a great invention , we can learn a lot about our system
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea , i think its a great idea , the sun is a great invention , it has a lot of mass
yeah , it is pretty crazy . the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy .
i know right , it is amazing that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy
i agree , i think its a great idea , its amazing how the sun produces a lot of energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years
i agree . it is a great source of energy for life .
i agree , i think solar energy is a great invention , the sun is a great invention , it has a lot of energy
i agree , i think we are going to be on to go to the sun , its been nice chatting with you as well .
you too , enjoy your day !
i do . do you know how air travel is up to 10 % slower than it was in the 60s ?
i love to travel . i love to travel . i love to travel .
i think that is a great way to travel . i would love to travel to japan .
i think that is a great way to travel . i would love to travel to japan and see the tolls
i think it would be a good idea . i would love to live in the geyser and be able to clean up .
i think it would be a great system . i would like to have a nintendo .
i agree , i think it was a great system , i love the nintendo system , it was so nice chatting with you today , i hope you have a good day !
i think it was a great system , i think it was a great system , i liked the nes as a kid , it was a great system , i liked it as a kid
i did n't know that . i wonder how many colors it has been made .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that chuck e cheese stands for entertainment .
i think it 's crazy that in 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i would love to visit mackinac island , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i would love to visit japan . i would love to visit japan and visit there .
i 've never been to chuck e cheese before . i 've been to chuck e cheese for a few years .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to see some of the alabama alabama alabama alabama alabama alabama that only sells stuff from unclaimed baggage at airports .
i think it would be a good idea , i think it would be a great idea to make sure you are able to make it to the art of the game , i think it would be a great way to make it work
you too , have a good one !
i do n't know , i do n't like the movies , but i do like the flash and dc comics .
i have n't seen it yet . i did n't know that . i did n't know that the movie was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i think it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i did see it .
i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
yeah it is . did you know the movie is the highest grossing superhero origin movie ?
i do n't know , but i know that the movie was nominated for academy awards .
yeah , i think she is . she was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i think she is a great woman . she has a great voice . she has a great voice .
i think she is . she is the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
yeah that is pretty cool . did you know the superhero has been around for 30 years ?
yeah . do you know which batman is the best ?
i do . did you know stan lee was the man who voiced spiderman in the 70 's ?
yeah . do you know who the highest grossing film of all time is ?
yeah . did you know the president of indonesia is a pop star ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was in the batman movie ?
i have not . i have not seen it .
yeah . do you know what condiment king is ?
i think he was the best man ever . i think he was the best ever .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was in the movie ?
i do like to read . i love to read .
i do like to watch movies . i have been to vegas twice a week .
i do like to read . i love to read .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i have not . i have been to vegas and i have been to las vegas .
i have not . i have n't been to the marine corps before .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that the creator of the movie was a marine corps .
i think it was the same piano that was used for hey jude and bohemian rhapsody .
i did nt know that , i wonder if it was any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the same as paul mccartney used to record hey jude ?
i think it 's cool that the bbc once played piano instead of the news
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it was the same piano that was found on top of britain 's highest mountain ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the same piano that was played on the hindenburg ?
i think it was the same piano that was found on top of britain 's highest mountain .
i wonder if it was the same piano that was found on the hindenburg ?
i wonder if it was the same piano that was composed solely for stress testing auto - pianos
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was the same piano that was found on the hindenburg .
you too !
bye
i do n't really watch it . i do n't really watch it .
i do n't really watch much tv . i do n't really watch tv . i do n't really watch tv much .
i do n't know much about the news . i do know that the creator of the simpsons sent a fake channel .
i think it 's funny that the creator of the simpsons sent the creators to the show .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it would be a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the creator of the simpsons sent a fake robot to crash on his mother 's house .
i think i would be too scared to get a treadmill to work . i would be so upset if i had to do that .
i do n't have a kindle but i do n't have a kindle . i do n't have a kindle .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great sport . i do nt think it would be worth it .
i agree . i think it 's funny that in 50bc , people bred chickens for entertainment .
i think it 's funny that the nfl is legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally legally the nfl .
i think it 's a fun sport . i 'm not sure if i 've ever heard of it .
i think that would be a great idea . i would love to see the game .
i agree . i think he 's a great actor . he 's got a lot of attention .
i have not . what is it ?
i think he looks like steve martin .
i think he looks like steve martin .
i agree . i wonder if he got royalties or something ?
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it , but i do know that it 's a very popular show .
i think he was a great comedian .
i think he was in the show too . i think he was a great comedian .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that caesar visited britain in 50bc , he noted that its people bred chickens not for food .
i think it 's funny that the simpsons sent flowers to the south park creators after they aired it .
i do n't really follow football , but i do like the patriots .
i do n't really follow football , but i do like the redskins .
i do n't really follow football , but i do like the redskins .
i do n't really follow football , but i do like the redskins .
i do n't know much about him . i do know he is a great player .
he was a great player . he was a great player .
yeah he was a smart kid , he got his ba in 2 years
i do n't know . i do know that baker mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full - time competitive gaming .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is a singer and a singer .
i think he was a deaf qb , so he could not read his hand signals .
i think he was a qb in high school . he was a backup qb in high school .
yes , he was a great qb . he was a great qb . he got his bachelor 's degree in only 2 years .
i think he is a great player . he was working on his master 's degree before he became the first overall pick in the nfl draft .
i think he was a great player , he was a great qb , he had a great career in the game , i think he was a great qb
that is very impressive . i wonder if he was a deaf qb ?
i think he was a deaf qb . he was a deaf qb so the other team could n't read his hand signals .
i think that is a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think that is a very interesting name . i wonder if they have a team named the tall blacks like the new zealand basketball team .
i think it 's called the tall blacks .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that the quarterback touches the ball on almost every offensive play .
i think it 's sad that the us is not in the us . i think it 's sad that the us has n't been around for a while .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's sad that the us has a flame thrower attached to the car in the usa .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the us is obsessed with the drive thru .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i know that in texas , the us is obsessed with the drive thru .
haha that is true , do you like animals ? i guess there are 20 quintillion animals on the planet
i think it 's because of the amount of animals being domesticated . i wonder if the animals that have white patches on their foreheads
i think it 's because of the atmosphere , but i 'm not sure . i do know that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated .
i think it 's because of the law . i think it 's funny that germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally - guaranteed legal rights .
i think that is a good question . i do n't know if i have ever seen that theory . i do know that there are 20 quintillion animals on the planet .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs .
i have a dog , i have a dog , i have a dog , i love the animal , its a great animal , its a great animal
i agree , i think it would be a great idea , i think its a great idea , i wonder if the loch ness monster is real , i wonder if it is real or if it is real or not
i think it 's funny that the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they are studying jellyfish .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have to do with the zebrafish .
i have n't seen it , but i have heard that it can eat prey twice its size and ten times its weight .
i have not . i have n't been fishing in a while . i 've been to vegas and i 've seen some of the other fish .
i have not . i have n't been to vegas but i have been to vegas . i have been to vegas and i have been there twice .
i have a dog , i have a dog , i have a dog , what about you ?
i 'm not sure . i do know that dogs are not actually colorblind .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that there is a store in alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a pilgrim clothing ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the label being made in north korea ?
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it was a lot more than the polo shirt , i wonder if they were any good
i think it 's funny that the difference between the two different types of shirts and the collar tips are usually made up of the shirt .
i think that is a great idea , i think it is a great invention , i wonder if they have a different history of the shirt
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
ya i think you 're right , i do n't like the patriots but i do like the patriots , i guess they have a player that never fumbled the ball in his entire career
i think that is a great player , i think he should retire now , he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great record as well , i think he should retire now
i think that is crazy , i wonder if the other teams ever played in the superbowl , i think it 's funny that the university of iowa 's locker room is painted pink
i wonder if it was a tactic or not .
i wonder if it was a tactic or not .
i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great invention , i think it was a great invention , i think it was a great invention , i think it was a great invention
i think that is a great invention , i wonder if it was for the color of the color of the color of the color of the color of the shirt
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a pilgrim ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they wore blue shirts ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was for the yellow line ?
i would love to live there . i would love to live there .
i have not been but i have been to a store in alabama where you can only find clothes that are left at airports
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do , i love to watch tv , what about you ?
i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't think i 've ever seen it .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the police have a different political platform .
i think that the president is a very intelligent man . i think he 's the most wealthy president ever .
i think that is a good point . i wonder if the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if the last president to speak a foreign language was fdr .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea . 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote .
i think that is a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i 'm not sure . i do know that most deals on the show are never enacted .
i think i 've seen a few episodes of thomas the tank . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i 'm not sure . i do know that homer had over 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes of the series .
i do n't know . i do know that homer simpson has had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got into the treehouse of horror xxi
i think i heard about that , i think it 's funny that ringo starr , alec baldwin and george carlin narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
i did n't know that , i wonder if he ever played the piano , i wonder if he was any good at it
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he 's any good .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it 's a good thing he did n't have the same number of cellphone , i wonder if he ever got the actress who plays the clarinet in the movie
i think she has a great voice . i think she has a great voice .
you too ! have a good one !
i 've heard that captcha stands for completely automated public turing test to tell computers and humans apart .
i have an apple , i think it 's a great idea , i wonder if it will be around forever
i think it 's a little scary , but i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it .
i think it 's crazy that someone built a computer using nothing but basic minecraft building blocks
i wonder if they have a computer that runs on water ?
i wonder if they have a computer that runs on water ?
i wonder if they have a computer that runs on water ?
i wonder if that was the case in literature or architecture .
i wonder if that was a good movie or if it was a movie or something ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was knighted for literature ?
i do n't know , but i do know that literature is a very subjective sport .
i did not know that . i wonder if he wrote any of his books ?
i think i have read a few of them . i think i have read a book about them .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure what kind of censorship they were .
i think i read that too . i wonder if it was because of the fda being burned down by studying literature ?
i think it 's interesting that pixar has a secret room that is for celebrities .
i think it 's interesting that pixar has a secret room that is secret !
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good person .
i did not know that . i wonder if he is a good person .
i think it 's interesting that the ancient athenians used a lottery to avoid an oligarchy .
i think he is a very intelligent man .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of meghan meghan and meghan ?
i did n't know that , i wonder if they have a lot of famous people like markle ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a wedding or something like that ?
i think it would be cool to attend a wedding and cardiff at least one day .
i would love to go there . nice chatting with you
i think that is a great way to get to the wedding , markle is a great performer , i think its great that she is in the show
i think that is really cool , i wonder if she ever visited the show house , i wonder if she ever met her daughter
i think so too . i think it 's funny that he was born in april 13 .
i think he was a great president . i wonder if he was born in the year 1986 .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever released any of his albums ?
i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
i think he was a great president , he was a great president , he was a great president , he was a great president
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a president ?
i think that would be a good idea .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house itself
i would have to agree with you there .
i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the president of indonesia has ever stayed in there ?
i agree . i think it 's funny that 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government .
i 'm doing well . how are you ?
i do n't know much about the internet . i do know that the library of alexandria has saved a copy of the internet in case it ever burns down .
i do use it all the time . i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't have a problem with clicking on the internet . i do n't know if i could do that .
i think i have heard that before . i think it 's a good idea .
i think i have heard that before . i think it 's a good idea .
i think i have read the terms of service before , but i do n't read them .
i think i have read the terms of service before , but i do n't read them .
i think i have read the terms of service before , i 'm guilty of the 93 % of people who read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i 'm not sure , i do n't read the terms of service when i 'm buying a product or service .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea .
i think i have heard that before , i think i have that addiction .
i think i have heard that before . i wonder if it is the hamburger button .
i think it 's called the hamburger button .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a hamburger button ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is the hamburger button ?
i think it 's a funny name . i wonder if they have a different version of it .
i think it 's called the hamburger button .
i think it 's funny that they can do that .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they have a good relationship with the internet ?
you too !
i love the show , i really like the show , i really like the show the best , what about you ?
i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor
i think he is a great actor , he is a great actor , he is a great actor , he is a great actor
i think he is a great actor , he is a great actor , he is a great actor , he is a great actor
i think he is a great actor , he is a great actor , he is a great actor , he is a great actor
i have not seen it but i have seen it .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . it is a good show .
i have not seen it but i have seen it , it is a great movie , i think it is good .
i have not seen it but i have seen it , it is a great show , i like the remake of the show , it has a great cast
i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor
i do nt know , i do nt know why he is a great actor , i like him a lot , he s a great actor
i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor , i like him a lot
i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , he had a great career in comedy
i have seen it , it was really good , i think it was a great movie , i liked it a lot
i think it was the hangover , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i like the movie hangover , i think its great that the movie was really good , i like the movie called bromantic comedy , i think its a great movie
i think he is the highest paid celebrity , i think he is the highest paid celebrity , he is the highest paid celebrity
i agree , he was a great comedian , he was a great comedian , i think he had a great career in comedy
i think he was in the show , i think he was a great comedian , i think he was a great comedian
i think he was , he was a great comedian , he had a great career in comedy
i think he was a great comedian , he had a great career in comedy
i agree , he was a great actor , i think he had a great cast , he had a great cast , i think he had a great cast as well
i do like jazz . i like jazz .
i like jazz . i think it is cool that jazz trumpeters grow goatees because it provide comfort when playing .
i think he was a great jazz player . i think he was a great jazz player .
i think jazz is a great genre . i think it has roots in west african culture .
i think he was a great jazz player . i think he had a great voice .
i think jazz has roots in west african culture .
jazz has roots in west african culture
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a jazz orchestra ?
i think that 's cool . i wonder if the beatles ever had a phd like the beatles did ?
i wonder if he has a phd in astrophysics ?
i wonder if he uses a guitar pick , he uses a coin as a guitar pick
i think he is a great guitarist . he also has a phd in astrophysics .
i love queen . i love queen .
i did not know that . i wonder if they were any good ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they were able to do that in england ?
i think that would be cool to listen to . freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody that paul mccartney used to record hey jude .
i think that is so cool . i wonder if it was the same piano that was used for hey jude ?
i think that is so cool . i wonder if it was the same piano that was used for hey jude ?
i would love to hear that . i wonder if it was the same piano that was used for stress testing auto - pianos .
i wonder if they ever played piano ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i do n't know much about football , but i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that the nfl has a lot of interesting stats .
i think he 's a great qb . i think he 's a great player .
i like the patriots .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really like the patriots though . i do n't really like the patriots though .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because there 's only 11 minutes of live game play .
i think he is a great qb , he has a great voice and also a great qb , he is a great qb and also a great qb
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good qb ?
i think he was a back up qb for the redskins , but i think he was a great qb
i think he was a great qb , he had a great injury
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb , he is a great qb
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's ever been a good qb ?
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he was a great player .
i think he 's a great player . he 's a great player .
i think he is a great player .
bye
i did n't know that . i did n't know that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors .
i did n't know that . i did n't know that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors .
i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i liked it , i liked it a lot as a kid
i did too ! i was sad when it came out in 1985 !
i think it was a great system . i think it was a great system .
i have n't . i do n't think i 've seen the resemblance . i do n't think i 've seen the resemblance though .
i do n't have a lot of time . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i do n't watch much tv . i do n't watch much tv . i do like south park .
i do n't watch much tv . i do n't watch much tv . i do like south park .
i think that is a great show . i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think i 've seen it before , i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i liked it , i liked it a lot as a kid , i liked it a lot as a kid
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think it was a great show , i liked it a lot , i liked it , i liked it a lot as a kid , i liked it a lot as a kid
i have not , i have n't seen it , but i have seen some of the 750 episodes of pokemon
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did , i loved it , it was so good !
you too !
you too !
i did n't know that . i did n't know that . i did n't know that the movie was the highest grossing wwi movie !
i have not seen it . i did see it . i did see it . i did see it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if she was in the movie ?
i have not seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure she 's a great actress . she was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i think she is . she also served 2 years as a soldier in the israel defense forces .
i think she did . she was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i think she is a great actress . she is the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i have n't seen it either . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think she did . i think she was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i 'm not sure . i think she 's a great gal though . she did a great job in the movie .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if she ever had a moon dust robot ?
i think she did . she was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .
i think it 's because of the moon , it 's a very different place .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the moon ?
i 'm not sure . i think it 's wild that methane based life on life on saturn 's moon , titan , titan , saturn , titan , titan , titan , saturn , titan , titan , and saturn 's moon have methane based life on titan .
i think it 's crazy that moon dust can cut through kevlar like material and can cut through kevlar .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that moon dust is actually hollow and can cut through kevlar .
i think it is because of the atmosphere and the moon .
you too !
you too !
bye
i think it was because soldiers were not allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues .
i think mcdonalds ' added drive - thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that in south africa you can put flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a trunk on the back of the car ?
i think it was because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a good reason to do that , do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the trunk of a car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it 's crazy that flamethrowers are legal in south africa to prevent carjacking .
i think it is a dangerous place . i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i think it is a great idea . i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i think it would be a good idea . i would n't want to live in south africa where it is legal to equip flame throwers to your car in south africa .
i agree . i think it would be a good idea .
i think it would be a good idea . i would n't want to live in south africa where they have flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i would n't want to live there . i would be so mad if i could afford it .
i have not been but i have been to south africa and i have been there before , i have been there twice , i have been there .
i have not been but i have been there twice .
i have not been to south africa , but i have been there . i have been there twice .
i have been to vegas and i have been there before , i have been there .
i have a car , it is a great car . i have a car and a ford model t .
i have not been to vegas but i have heard that a man in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower twice .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was in south africa where it 's legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea to be honest .
i think he is a great leader . i think he is a great leader .
i have not . i have not been to dc . i have n't been to dc recently .
i have not . i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that there is a lot of religious beliefs about the universe .
i agree . i think it 's sad that the business industry has been around for over 100 years now .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a casual business attire in hawaii ?
i agree . i think it 's crazy that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that during the cultural revolution , gang fashion shirts were not invented in china .
haha that is funny , i do n't know if i have ever seen a button up like that , i do n't know what that looks like though
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that in china , gang fashion shirts were not invented for fashion .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it 's effective in the collar tips ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the difference between the two different types of clothing and button up is actually a collar sleeves with a collar sleeves and a collar sleeves .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have ever heard of it . i do know that a german state of the car is called a " fasten to the sun " button up " button .
i 'm not sure , but i do know that a dog is a garment with a collar gap in a car .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the computer that was made in 1936
i wonder if it is a problem or a bad thing ?
i think it 's crazy that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
i think that is crazy , i wonder how many people actually do that ?
i know , i do n't know if i have ever done that .
i do n't really watch basketball , but i do like basketball . i like basketball .
i do n't know much about him . i know he was a dominant player .
yeah it was kareem abdul jabbar who was so good at it
i do not know who he is but i know he was the only losing coach in the university of kansas history
i do n't know , i know that in 39 out of 50 states , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach .
yeah , i think that is pretty ironic .
yeah and he was the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas
yeah , i think that would be a fun game to watch .
i have not . what is it ?
i have no idea . i wonder if they have a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building .
yeah , i wonder if they have a basketball team like the wnba .
i would love to see that . do you like to read books ?
i do n't really like reading . i do n't like sci fi . i 've read starship troopers .
i have not . i have n't read starship troopers .
i have not read that one . i have n't read it either .
i love lord of the rings , i love that one , do you like lord of the rings ?
i agree , i think it 's funny that cs lewis and tolkien held " you laugh you lose " competitions when reading terrible poetry
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's on netflix ?
i have not read it but i have read the book . i have read the book .
i have not read it but i have read the book . i have n't read it .
i wonder if they read the book or if it was a movie ?
i like the patriots .
i like the redskins . i think they are a great team .
i like the patriots . i think they are a great team .
i think that is a great team , i think they are the best team in the league , they are the best team in the league
i do n't know much about him . i do know that the patriots have a great team .
i did ! i did n't watch it but i did see it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he is still around ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's a good coach ?
i think he is a great coach . he is a rocket scientist .
yeah , i heard that too ! i wonder if he is still around ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he is still around ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he is still in the top of his game ?
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i do n't know . i do know that the patriots have a new record .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he got his big break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest .
i think that is so cool . i wonder if he was any good ?
i think he was a great halo 3 player . he was a great halo 3 player .
i think he was a great player . i wonder if he was a good halo 3 player ?
i think he is the only one . i think he is the only one .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , great chat , have a nice day bye .
you too !
you too !
bye
bye
bye !
bye
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever played in the first winter olympics ?
wow that is a lot of weight . do you know how many types of hockey are there ?
that is a lot of money ! i wonder if he was a good player .
that is a lot of goals !
i am a fan of hockey . i am a fan of the sport .
i think he was a great player , he got a degree in college and then went to college and then went to the nba
i like the warriors . i think they are a great team .
i 'm not sure , i do know that the golden state warriors earned about $ 12 million by losing game 4 of the finals last season
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's a good player .
i did n't know that ! i wonder if they have a good team like the golden state warriors ?
i do n't know , i do know a lot about the warriors though .
i do n't know . i do know that the only sport i 've ever seen is the world cup .
i think it 's cool that steph curry donates mosquito nets to africa for every three pointer he makes .
i think it 's funny that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike just paid the fine .
i did not know that . i wonder if they ever had jordan 's sister ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any of the stats of the game ?
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i agree . i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great player , he had a great career in the game , i think he had a great career in the game
i think they should have used the same thing .
i think he would be the best player in the league , he is a great player , he has a great team , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he 's a great player . he 's got a good deal .
i have not . i wonder if it is still around ?
i have not . i have used one . i have a rotary phone .
i wonder how many people still do n't use their phones ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a good cell phone service .
i wonder how many people do that . i wonder how many people do not have a cell phone .
i think i have heard that before . i wonder how much it cost to build a computer .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever looked it up .
i think it 's a good idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever done that . i 'm sure it 's a good thing they do n't smoke near it though .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's because it 's a biohazard ?
i think it 's crazy that the space shuttle 's general purpose computer runs on only 1 mb of ram .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's true that the space shuttle 's general purpose computer runs on only 1 mb of ram .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever heard of it .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if i 've ever read the terms of service on the internet . i 'm not sure if i 've ever read the terms of service when i 'm buying a product or service on the internet .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's true that transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks .
i do n't think i 've ever heard of that before . i do n't think i 've ever heard of it .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to know more about the telephone .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think that the russians are trying to make a computer that runs on water .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a lot more than the computer that was made in 1936 .
i do n't listen to the radio much these days . i do listen to the radio a lot .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if they have a law that requires all radio stations to play at least 40 % canadian music .
i think i have heard that before . i wonder if it is still around ?
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms on the radio .
i have not . i wonder if it is on the radio or if it is on the radio ?
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to listen to a canadian radio station that plays 40 % of the music on the radio .
i do n't listen to the radio much anymore . i do listen to spotify .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder how they figured out how to make a radio out of a pencil and a razor blade .
i wonder if they still use floppy disks for storing files ?
i think they are still using floppy disks to store files .
i think they have solar panels put back on the white house .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the white house has solar panels in the white house .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because the white house has twin buildings in ireland and france .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house ?
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i think he was a great president . i think he was a great president .
i think that is very cool . i wonder if the guest house is larger than the white house ?
i wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house ?
i think that the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i 'm doing well . i 'm a fan of the movie risky business .
i 'm doing well . i 'm a big fan of the movie risky business .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if president banana of zimbabwe was a president ?
i would love to visit the guest house . it would be so cool if it was built .
i think it was president banana , i wonder if he was a president or a president ?
i do n't know , but i do know that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana .
i think it 's funny that the white house has twin buildings in ireland and france .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have twin buildings in ireland and france ?
i wonder if they have twin buildings in ireland and france ?
i wonder if they have twin buildings in ireland and france too
i think it is , i wonder if it is because of the size of the white house , i wonder if it is because it is bigger than the white house
i wonder too . i wonder if it was built by the u.s . president 's guest house is larger than the white house
i think it 's crazy that george bush had solar panels put back on the white house .
i think george bush had solar panels put back on the white house .
i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up storms from jupiter on the radio
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to listen to the news in latin .
you too !
you too !
i do like horror movies . do you ?
i do like horror movies . i like them .
i do like some of them . i love the movie kung fu hustle .
i love that movie . i love that movie .
i do nt think i have seen it , i do nt think i have seen it , do you like it ?
i have not . i have seen a few episodes .
i have seen it , it was a great show , i liked it , i liked it a lot , i also liked the show the best , its been around a long time
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was a horror film ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was scared of bambi when he saw it .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the scenes in the movie .
i do nt know , i guess its a good thing he has a good mindset , i do nt like him , he is a great actor
i 'm not sure , but i know that the majority of creepy noises in horror movies are made by an instrument called a waterphone .
i do n't know , i wonder if it 's used in horror movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies ?
i do nt know , i do nt know how to make a waterphone , there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
i do nt know , i do nt know how to do that , there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
i like the old school drama , i think it 's funny michael caine became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama class
i like him too , he is a great actor , he is a great actor , he is a great actor
i have not . i have seen him in a few of his interviews .
i do nt think i have ever seen that show , i think its great how much money he makes , he makes a lot of money
i think that is a lot of money ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i agree , i think he is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama , he is the highest paid tv drama actor ever for tv drama
i agree , i think he is a great actor , i love his movies , i love the office , i love the office , i love the office and also the office , do you like jon hamm ?
i do like football . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i like baseball . i like the sport . did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if needed ?
i think it 's cool that managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if needed .
i think it 's funny that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 1960s
i think it 's crazy that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 1960s
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
i think that was back in 1916 . i think it was back in 1916 .
i think it would be a calming color . i wonder if it was a calming color or if it was just a calming color .
i wonder if they have a reason for that . i wonder if they have a reason for that .
i am a fan of the patriots , i think they are the best team in the world , what about you ?
i like the patriots , i like the patriots , what about you ?
i like the patriots , i think they are the best team in the league , i think they are the best team in the league
i have not . i know that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played for the patriots ?
i think that is a great invention . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i do n't know . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i agree . i think it would be cool to see a female player in the nfl .
i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't know much about facebook . i know that facebook is blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i 'm sure they regret that decision . i wonder if myspace regrets not buying facebook for only 75 million dollars in 2005
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook .
i do n't know . i do know that facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think it 's because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think he is a great player . i think he has a great heart .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great performer .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if he would have ever used facebook to help others .
i think he would have a facebook page . i would be so upset if i had to unfriend 10 friends for a free whopper .
i think he is kicking himself for not buying facebook .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if he is kicking himself for that .
i agree . i would be lost without it . i would be lost without it .
i agree . i think it is a great idea .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is true .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i 've heard iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it 's a little too big for me . i 'm sure there is a copy of the internet saved in case it ever burns .
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's effective in germany where the like button is illegal .
you too !
i agree . i think it 's a great idea .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i do n't know much about government . i know that wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea . a man in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower not once but twice .
i think the us government should do a good job of the government . the us government has a lot of power .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the government is in the us .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the chinese government censored the word censorship .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the us government will ever be able to sell the 86 % of the land in nevada .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think the government should do a lot of things like that .
i think he was a great man , but i think he was a great man , i think he was a great con man , he was a great con man , i wonder if he ever got the credit for that
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if he ever got a job at bulletproof clothing .
i think he was a great man in france who impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower not once but twice .
i agree . i think he is a great example of what he has done . i think he has a lot of problems .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly ?
i 'm not sure . i know some birds fly from alaska to mexico without sleeping when migrating .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly like the birds in england ?
you too !
you too !
you too !
you too !
bye
bye
i did . i had a nintendo .
i did n't know that . i did n't know that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors .
i did n't know that ! i did n't know that the nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan .
i think it was a great system , but i think it was a great system .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that the director of the dance moves and the audience is also responsible for the role of the human race .
i agree , i think it is a great game , i love the classics , i love the classics , i also like the classics
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that 's a good point . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the us government has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city 's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that the problem is that the us is not the same as the us .
i think she is a great performer , she is a great performer , she is a great performer , she is a great performer
i think she 's a great actress , but i think she 's a great actress .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a secret room that is visited often by celebrities
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode .
i think she was a great performer , i think she had a lot of influence , i think she was a great actor , i think she had a lot of influence , i think she was a great actor
i know , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i love the show , i love it , i love it , i love it
i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor as well , i think he was a great actor as well
i think he was a great president , i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great president , i think he was a great president , what a great role model
i think he looks like steve martin , i think he looks like steve martin , he got his big break by winning a lookalike contest
i think he looks like steve martin .
i think he looks like steve martin . i do n't think he looks like steve martin .
i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i do n't have a favorite . i do n't like the way they wear pants .
i think she is a great performer . i think she is a great performer .
i do n't know if i have ever seen a sumo match . i would love to go to a museum someday .
i would love to live there . i would love to live there .
i would n't be able to afford it . i would be so hungry if i had bought my clothes from the store .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have any rip curl clothes in north korea yet the label says made in china
i would n't be surprised if i knew that . i wonder if they are worth it ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have goats like google did to mow their lawn instead of hiring people
i think that is a great idea . i think that is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it is crazy that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon !
i agree . i think it 's crazy that google went down for 5 years in 2013 .
yeah , i think they are a great company . they also calculate traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road .
i know , i wonder if they have a reason for that ?
yeah , i think it 's crazy that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon !
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it would be a great idea to put flamethrowers on your car in south africa .
i have not . i have n't been to the world in a while . i have n't been to a long time .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the trunk of a car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of any other sports ?
i have not heard of it . i wonder if it is on mars ?
i think it is a great idea . i think it 's cool that moon dust can cut through kevlar like material and can cut through kevlar .
i know right ! i wonder if it is the second largest search engine on the moon ?
i agree . netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have videos on youtube ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that psy 's gangnam style got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a bird that can mimic the sound of cameras , car alarms , and chainsaws .
i wonder if they have a bird that can fly in the wild ?
that is crazy ! i wonder if they ever had a bird like that ?
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly ?
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly from alaska to mexico without sleeping when migrating .
yes , and they can fly from alaska to mexico without sleeping when migrating .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a bird that can fly like penguins .
i know right , that is a long time , i wonder how many times they have been able to fly without sleeping
that is a lot of animals ! i wonder how many times that has been calculated in the world ?
i agree . i think it 's funny that birds bones are so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers .
i think that is true . i think it 's funny that some birds have bones that are so hollow that they can be penguins .
i think it would be neat to see a dodo bird in the pigeon family .
i think that is a very interesting fact .
i did . i thought it was really good .
i did . i thought it was really good .
i 'm doing well . did you know denzel washington was able to afford to go to the premiere of black panther ?
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that the black panther is the richest superhero .
i think he is the richest superhero .
i think he is the richest superhero .
i did not know that . i wonder why he did that .
i think it was a great move , i think it was a great move , i bet myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i bet they regret that decision . i bet myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i 'm sure they regret that decision . i wonder if they had a facebook page ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a facebook page ?
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think i 've heard about that promotion before , i wonder if myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are allowed to do that in the german state of schleswig - holstein .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a facebook account for that ?
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's because of the like button being illegal in some places .
i think it 's crazy that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005
i think myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook for only 75 million back in 2005
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that we can learn from different types of football .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's great that the us is donating a lot of debt to help others
i agree . i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i agree . i think he is a great player .
i agree . i think it is a great idea .
i agree , i think its a great idea , i think its a great idea , you can learn a lot of things in the world , its a great thing to do , its a great thing to do , its a great thing we can learn from our local culture
i think that is a good idea .
i agree , i think its a great idea , i think its a great idea , you can learn a lot from the us
i think that would be a fun sport to watch .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea , i think its great that mesut ozil donated his entire victory bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in brazil
i think that is a great idea , i think its great that there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time
i think it was mesut ozil , he donated his entire bonus to pay for surgeries for kids in brazil
i think he was a great player . he was a skilled soccer player in college .
i do n't know much about him . i know he was a great player .
i like soccer , its a sport that moves a lot more money than football , soccer , and baseball combined
i think that is a great idea , i think its great that the players can make a lot of money
i think he was a great player . he was a skilled soccer player in college .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they ever played soccer or soccer , there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time
i think it is a great sport , i think its a great sport , i like it a lot more than american football , its a sport that moves a lot of money
i do n't know much about it . i do know a lot about it .
i love linkin park . they played 324 concerts in one year .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's funny that creed had a concert so bad that 4 people sued them .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's cool that the band has been around for over 20 years .
i think he has a great voice . i think he has a great voice .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if it 's true . i do n't know if it 's because of the fact that the ramones have a white patch on their foreheads .
i do n't know , but i do know that google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 .
i have not . i have not been to vegas but i have heard of it .
i have not . i have been to a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater .
i have not . i have been to a few times . i have been to a lot of concerts .
i 'm not sure . pink floyd recorded a live concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's pretty cool that the foo fighters played a concert that was so loud that it showed up on new zealand 's seismic monitors .
i wonder if they recorded a concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen a concert in concert . i 've heard that lou reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs .
i wonder if they still hold up there . in croatia there is an ancient roman amphitheatre that is still in use as a concert venue .
that 's pretty cool . i wonder if they ever played in the band in the band .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen creed concert .
i think it was the loudest concert ever .
i think it was a great band . i think it was a great show .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i love pink floyd . i love linkin park . i love pink floyd .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i think that is a great album . i think it 's cool that dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 .
i think it was the best selling album of the 21st century .
i would love to listen to that album . i wonder if it was any good ?
i have not . i have heard that pink floyd 's dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i have not . i have not heard of it . i have n't heard it .
i have not heard of it . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i think that was a great idea . i wonder if there was a moral panic back then .
i think it was a moral panic back then .
i think it 's a great book . i think it 's funny that starship troopers is the first sci - fi novel on the reading list of three of the five us military branches .
i have not read that one . i have read a lot of books .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i could read that fast .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've read that one .
i do n't know , i do n't know how i feel about it . i do know that the world record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute .
yeah . do you like reading ?
same here , have a good one
you too !
i love movies ! i love movies !
i did n't know that . i do know that bill nye got his big break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest .
i think he was a great president . i wonder if he was any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was upset when he became president ?
i think he was , but i think he was a great president .
i wonder if he was upset when he was president .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he has any good albums .
i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
i wonder if he ever got a radio storm or something like that .
i wonder if they have a radio station that can pick up jupiter 's radio storms
i wonder how they figured out how to do that ?
i wonder how they figured out how to do that ?
i wonder if they have a radio station that plays classic radio dramas for free .
i have not but i hear there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i would love to listen to that . i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms on the am radio .
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i wonder if they have a radio station that requires 40 % of the music played be canadian .
i think that is a great law that all radio stations have to play 40 % canadian music .
i think that is a great law , i would like to listen to that law in canada , i wonder if they have a law that requires all radio stations to play 40 % canadian music
i do n't really have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i do n't have a car . i have been to vegas and i have been there . i have been there twice .
i have not been to vegas but i have been there before . i have been there twice .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that there was a pro military rule that was started back in the 70 's .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the u.s . senate has a candy desk .
that 's pretty cool . i would love to ride that bus . i would love to ride that bus .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel to iceland , i would love to visit iceland , i would love to visit one of those places
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i think that is a great idea . i would like to try that trick . i would like to try that trick .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's effective for the military ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever visited the house .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have any of the 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes .
i wonder if they are still durable ? i wonder if they are still expensive .
i wonder if they have any of those shoes that are made of by the same size as the 5000 year old shoes .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have any 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes .
i wonder if he ever bought them .
i think that is a great idea . i would love to work in hawaii where i live .
i think that is a great idea . i would love to work in hawaii where the official business attire is the aloha shirt .
nice chatting with you !
you too !
i have not . i have been to a few times .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he has a phd in astrophysics ?
i wonder if he uses a coin as a guitar pick ?
i wonder if he uses a guitar pick , or if he just had a guitar pick .
i wonder if he uses the guitar for the guitar ?
that is crazy ! i wonder if the band ever played in the band that rendered the loudest concert ever ?
i wonder if pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience
i wonder if it was any good ? i 'm not sure if it was the same concert as the foo fighters concert in the foo fighters .
i know , i wonder if they ever played there ?
i agree , i would n't want to be a fan of lou reed and his wife , i would love to hear lou reed and his wife concert concert concert that was so bad that lou reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs back in 2010 !
i would love to see that concert in an amphitheatre ! i wonder if it is still in use today ?
that is crazy , i wonder how many concerts they had to do that ?
that is a lot of concerts ! i wonder how many concerts they had to do that ?
i know , that 's crazy ! i wonder if they were able to do that ? i 'm sure they did n't have to do that !
i think that is a great guitar , i would nt mind playing it , i would nt mind it , i would nt be able to do it , i m just glad i m not playing the guitar , i m a fan of the band , i m a fan of the band , i m a fan of queen , i think its a great band
i think he was a great player , he had a great guitar , i wonder if he ever played the guitar solo in the movie
i do n't know , i do know that the guitar is a classic , i think it 's cool that it 's a guitar player , it 's a guitar
i do n't know , i do know that youtube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in 2000
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube .
i think it 's crazy that youtube started as a dating website .
i do nt know , i guess youtube and netflix make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
i do n't watch much tv , but i do like watching bob ross painting on there .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was a comedian and a comedian .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a good comedian ?
i think he was a great comedian , i think he was a great comedian , he had a great career in the league
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he had a great career in the game , i think he was a great player , he had a great career in the game
i think he was a great player . he had a great sense of humor .
i think he was a great player , he had a great sense of humor , i think he had a great sense of humor , i think he had a great sense of humor
i think he was a great guy . he was a great dancer .
i think he was a great performer . he was a great performer . he had a great sense of humor .
i think he was a great robot . he was a great performer .
i think he was a great performer . he was a great performer .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever had a good time .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever had a good time .
i think he was the first king to travel around the world .
i would love to travel to iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan and japan .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to go to japan and see a lot of tolls there .
i have not been but i have been there before . i have been to japan and i have been there .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit the dutch bus that goes 160 mph .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan and see the tolls on the highway .
i think he was a great performer . he had a great voice .
i think it 's funny that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i do n't really like soccer , but i do like the european soccer team .
i do n't really know much about soccer . i do know that the us is the world cup final .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's crazy that the city that 's set to host the 2022 qatar fifa world cup does n't even exist yet .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
yeah , i think that is true . i think it is a great sport .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
yeah , i think it 's a good idea .
yeah , i think qatar is hosting it .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea , i think its great that the us got 3rd place in 1930
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's crazy that qatar is hosting a city that is hosting the city for 2022 olympics .
i think the us women 's team is better than the men 's team .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that greenland ca n't join fifa because they ca n't join fifa .
i think soccer is a great sport , soccer is a sport that moves a lot more money than other sports combined
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the us is n't the only country that has a lower lower lower than the other two .
i agree . soccer makes more money than football , basketball , golf , tennis , and hockey combined .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that chess is the world 's most popular sport in the world .
i think it is . i think it 's crazy that there are more moves than atoms in the known universe .
i think i have read about that before , i think it 's crazy that there is a chess game that was invented by aliens .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the game was invented by aliens .
i think i have read about that before , i think it 's pretty cool that there is a game of chess that moves a lot of moves
i think spain is the only country that believes chess was invented by aliens .
i think i 've read that before , i think it 's funny that there was a chess game called chess that was invented by aliens .
you too !
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good player .
i think it was kareem abdul jabbar who was so good at it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's a good player .
i think that is a funny fact , i think it 's funny that in 39 out of 50 states , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if he 's the first ever player in the nba ?
i think that is a good idea , i think it is a waste of money , i think it is a waste of money
i do n't really like basketball , but i do like kareem abdul jabbar , he was so dominant in college that he banned the dunk
i think he was a smart guy , he had a great career in the nba , i think he had a great career in the game
i think that is a great idea , i think he should have become a pro gamer , i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player
i think he 's a great player , he 's a great player , i think he 's a great player but i think he 's a great player .
i think he 's a great player . he 's a great player . he 's been in akron ohio for a long time .
i do n't know , i do know that stephen curry and stephen curry were born in akron , ohio , i wonder if he was born in akron , where he was born
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player as well , he is also the best player in the world
yeah , he is a great player . he is also the best player in the world .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
ya i agree , i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player but i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player but i think he was a great player
haha ya i agree , i do n't like the granny style shot but i do like it , i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to score points on the line
haha ya i would be so shocked if i were paid that much , i would have to do that myself , i would have to do that myself haha
i agree . i think it 's funny that the highest paid athletes in the world are actually the world 's best paid athletes .
i am a fan of soccer . i like soccer .
i 'm not sure . i do know that the us women 's team has never placed below third place in the world cup since 1991 .
i do n't know , i do n't know why they call it soccer , but i do know that it 's a sport that is played in the us .
i 'm not sure . i 'm a fan of the chicago cubs . i 'm a huge fan of the chicago cubs .
i think the team is the best team in the world .
i think the american team is the best team in the world . the american team has never placed below third place in the world cup since 1991 .
i think it 's because the us is a very good team . i think it 's interesting that the women 's soccer team is smaller than the men 's team .
i think it is the most popular sport in the world .
i think that is a great sport . i think it is a great sport .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a great sport .
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i think it 's crazy that qatar is hosting it .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i did n't know that . i wonder why they did that .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a waste of money .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i think canada is a great country . i think it is a great sport .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great sport .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is the best thing to do .
i think they are the only ones who can win the world cup .
i agree . i think it is a sport that is played in a lot of countries .
you too !
you too !
i do n't use it as much as i used to . i do n't use it much .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i do n't think i 've ever heard of it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i wonder if the horror movie will ever burn up to 180 calories .
i would like to watch a horror movie with a waterphone . i wonder if it 's a good idea .
i wonder if that is the same thing as the original one .
i wonder if he ever saw the movie bambi , it 's a horror movie
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they are scared of snakes ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories .
i do n't like them , but i do like them . i think it 's funny that there are some birds that can be categorized by their ancestors .
i do n't have a pet snake , but i do n't have one .
i do n't like snakes . i do n't like snakes . i do n't like snakes .
i do n't like snakes . i do n't like snakes . i do n't like snakes .
i think it is because mark zuckerberg is red green colorblind .
i think snakes are a great place to live . i think it 's funny that snakes are not snakes .
i wonder if that is true . i wonder if it 's because of the scenes of the movie bambi .
i wonder if that 's true . i 've heard that watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories .
i wonder if they are scared of snakes ?
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that there are no snakes in new zealand .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think snakes are a great place to live . i think it 's funny that there are no snakes in new zealand .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a great idea , i think its great how the local bands can be their personal lives and then also the local bands and i think its great how they can do so much damage and then get their personal lives
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great way to get people to work together .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
that is a great story ! i wonder if she ever got any royalties or something ?
yes , i heard that . i wonder if they are still around ?
that is crazy ! i wonder if they have a lot of data to use ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a lot of data in them ?
that is crazy ! i wonder how much it would take to do that !
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i know right ! i wonder how they do that ?
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it is because it is the same as the iphone .
i agree . the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the three wealthiest presidents in american history
i think he was , but i think he was one of the top three wealthiest presidents in american history .
yeah , i think he is . i wonder if he is on the list of the wealthiest presidents in us history .
i think that is a good point , i wonder if jefferson swore on the constitution , or if he was a president
i wonder if the bible was used for the bible or if it was an apple .
i think it 's interesting that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a special thing or if it was a special thing or something .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they swore on the constitution or if they were sworn in on the bible .
i wonder if the president of zimbabwe was named banana .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest president in history .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if trump is in the list of the richest presidents ?
i wonder if trump is in the guest house .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the president of zimbabwe 's name is banana .
i think that would be a disaster .
i would love to see a pop album like the one in the us .
i would love to go to a concert that was so bad that 4 people in the crowd filed a lawsuit against the band .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a lot of money back then .
i 'm not sure . pink floyd recorded a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i think it was in pompeii . pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i think that would be a great concert . i would love to see a concert at the ramones concert .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i could do that . i do know that michael jackson tried to buy marvel comics so he could play spiderman in his own movie .
i think that would be cool to see . i would love to see a concert in an ancient roman amphitheatre .
i think he is a great artist . i think he is a great actor .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really have a favorite team though .
i did n't know that . i did know that the buffalo bills are equal to the patriots .
i did n't know that . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
yeah , i think it was a great game .
i think that is a great team . i think the pats are the best team in the league .
yeah , i wonder if they ever played in the superbowl .
yeah , i think that is a great strategy .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it will ever happen .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a female player in the nfl ?
i think that would be a great idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think it would be interesting to see a female player in the nfl .
i think that is true . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that is true . i think it 's crazy that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
i agree . i think it 's crazy that new orleans cheerleaders can not eat in the same restaurant as any nfl player .
i think that is a very silly rule . i wonder if they have any cheerleaders like the saints cheerleaders ?
i think that is so sexist , i think that is a very outdated rule .
i think that is a very silly rule .
yeah , i think that is a very silly rule . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave even if they are already eating and a player comes in to eat .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a pink locker room like the nfl does in place .
i think it 's funny that air jordans were banned by the nba but jordan wore them anyway and nike just paid the fine .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got a shoe deal like allen iverson ?
i think he is a great player . he was the best player in the league .
i think he did , he got a great deal , he got a great deal , he got a degree in college and then a great career
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he had a great career in the game
i 'm not sure . i think he 's a great player . he 's been in the air for a while .
i think he is a great player . he is the 5th highest paid player on the team .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was the best player in the history of the team .
i 'm sure he was . i wonder if he ever got royalties or something .
i 'm sure they did . i also like frozen , it 's the first disney film directed by a woman .
i agree . i think it 's cool that frozen was the first disney film directed by a woman .
i think that is a great movie . i think it 's cool that the toy industry gets involved in disney animations before the beginning of the film production .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any of the disney movies in the 70 's ?
i think that 's a great idea . i think it 's cool that wreck - it - ralph started in the late 80 's .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the movie frozen ?
i think disney is a great movie . i think disney has a great voice .
i have not seen it yet . i have seen it .
you too !
yes , disney is a great company . i love disney . i love disney movies .
i think disney has a lot of influence in the industry . i think disney has a lot of great movies .
i am a fan of the band , i think they are a great band , what about you ?
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really good
i think it was a great band , i think it was a great band , i think it was a great band , i think it was a great band , i think it was a great band , i think it was a great band
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that the band was able to sing along with the band .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was allergic to horses ?
i think it 's crazy that the first album was in 1955 , i wonder if it was any good ?
i think it 's crazy that the les paul gibson es-175 guitar has never been played in the us .
i do n't know if i could do that , i do n't know if i could do it , but i do know that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy .
i do n't play the guitar but i do play the guitar . i do know that brian may of queen uses coins as guitar picks .
i do n't have a favorite but i do like the guitar . i like the old ones .
i do n't know if i 've ever listened to a pink floyd album . i do n't know if i could do it in the past .
i agree . i think it 's a shame that the singer committed suicide and the other son is dead .
i think that is a great guitar . i think it is cool that cornell researchers can learn over a thousand words .
i think that is a great guitar . i think it is a great guitar .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's true that the guitarist of queen uses coins as guitar picks .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the singer of queen 's guitarist has a pink floyd concert .
i think the queen 's guitarist is a great guitarist .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that the president of indonesia has a phd in astrophysics .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i could do it . i do know that brian may from queen uses coins as guitar picks .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that the queen 's guitarist is a guitarist for queen .
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if he uses a guitar pick ?
i wonder if he ever played the guitar ?
i have n't heard of him , but i have heard of him .
i have not . i have been to dc and have been to dc and i have been to the dc area .
you too !
i do n't really like him . i do like his music .
i think he was a great performer . he had a lot of influence .
i think he was a great performer . i think he had a great sense of humor .
i think he was a great player . he was a great performer .
i think he was a great performer . he was a great performer .
i did n't know that . michael jackson had a patent on a device to roam the nevada desert .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever had a patent on that .
i think he was a great artist . he was a great artist .
i 'm not sure . i think he had a lot of influence in his music .
i think he was a great performer . he was a great performer .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played the simpson 's song , or if he was n't in it ?
i think he was a great player . he was a great composer .
i have not . i do n't know if i 've ever played the guitar .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played the guitar solo for the movie beat it ?
i think he was a great player . he had a great voice in the music industry .
i think michael jackson was a great player . he helped write the soundtrack for sonic 3 .
i wonder if anyone ever has ever seen it . babies spontaneously dance when they hear music .
yes and they smile more when they hit the beat
yes and tupac was in ballet in high school
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a ballet dancer ?
i think he was a great player . he was a great player . he was a great player .
i agree . he raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the decision .
he is a great player . he raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the decision .
he is a great player , he raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the decision
i know right , i wonder how much money he makes , i know judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode
i know right , i wonder how much judge judy makes per episode , i wonder how much she makes per episode
i know right , i wonder how much judge judy makes per episode , i wonder how much she makes per episode
i think he is the highest paid celebrity , he is the highest paid celebrity , only lebron james
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure she 's going to be in the sequel .
i did . i did n't know that . i did see space jam .
i have not . i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a great player .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a fan of his .
i think he was , he was a great player , he had a great vision , he had a great vision
i do n't know , i do know he rejected a $ 10 million offer from reebok when he was 18
he was a smart man . he was a smart man . he was a smart man .
i think he has a great heart , he has a great heart , he has a great heart , he has a great heart
he was a smart man . he was 18 years old . he was 18 years old .
i think he was a great player , he raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the decision
i do n't think i 've seen him in a while . i do n't think he 's doing much for the nba .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the movie " bigfoot erotica " is a story about a man named bigfoot erotica .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the author of the book called the " dr suess " .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the creator of the internet was a victim of a lot of students .
i agree , i think it would be a great idea , i think its a great idea , i would like to read the book , i think its a great book , i love the movie the godfather 1 , what about you ?
i agree , i think it would be a great idea , i think its a great idea , you know there s a woman who can play in the nfl , she is a woman and she is a woman
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i have not . i have not heard of it .
i did not know that ! i wonder if there are more animals than animals on earth ?
i have not . i have a dog . i have a dog and a dog .
i have a dog , i have a dog , i have a dog , what about you ?
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if the loch ness monster is real ?
i 'm not sure , i do know that only 7 % of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever read the full terms of service on the internet .
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that there is a page that sums up 25 of the kindest deeds done on reddit
i have not . i do n't think i 've heard of it .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it . i do know that the redditor is a free page that sums up 25 of the kindest deeds done on reddit .
wow that is a lot of money ! i wonder how many people actually vote in the content of reddit ?
wow that is a lot of money , i wonder how many people actually vote on that site
i love amazon ! i did n't know that amazon owns imdb !
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it was for the first customer to buy a building after him !
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it was for the first customer to buy a building after him !
i love amazon ! i love how it has been around since 1994 !
i think it 's crazy that amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day !
i think i 've heard that before , i wonder if it 's because of the low end products and products ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays ?
i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i would love to travel around japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel to mackinac island , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i would love to visit japan . i would love to visit japan and see the northern lights .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i think i 've seen that before . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i think i 've seen that one before . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i think i 've seen that one before . i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon !
that is a lot of episodes ! i wonder how many pokemon has been on that show ?
that is crazy ! i wonder if they ever had bart in it ?
that is crazy ! i wonder if they ever had a different show like the 70 's show ?
i think it was a great show . i think it was a great show .
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , have a nice day !
i think it is , it is a great invention , the world wide web was invented in 1989
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that scientists have a gif of a galloping horse in the dna of bacteria .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think jazz is a great genre . i think it has roots in west african culture .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's true that the president 's guest house is bigger than the white house .
i think it 's cool that there is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition , and functional programs have jazz - like harmonies .
i agree . i also like clint eastwood , he is a lifelong jazz enthusiast , pianist , and scored several films including million dollar baby .
yes , she is a very accomplished woman . she is also a very accomplished woman .
i think she 's a great woman . she 's a very accomplished woman .
i think he 's a great player . i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the u.s . senate has a candy desk .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i wonder if he was a president or a republican ?
i wonder if he was any good ?
i wonder if he ever visited the white house ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the old tradition ?
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest .
i think that is a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think he is . i think he is the most wealthy .
i 'm doing well . are you interested in earth ?
i 'm not sure . i know that more than 80 % of the earths natural forest have been destroyed .
i think that would be a great idea . i wonder if we 'll ever be able to find a way to determine the moon .
i think that is very true . i wonder if the earth will be around for longer ?
i wonder if the days were longer than the earth 's moon ?
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if the days will be longer than the earth 's first .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that jupiter saves earth from many asteroids heading towards it .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have an ambassador to extraterrestrials in case aliens ever contact us .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that jupiter saves earth from many asteroids heading towards it .
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if it will be the same in the future .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of work .
i do n't know . i do know that the star wars franchise was estimated at $ 65 billion dollars in the world .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the star wars story was the first disney film to be dubbed in a native american language .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the scenes that the scenes were made up of the original movie ?
that is a lot of money ! i wonder how much james earl jones spent for recording all of the lines for star wars
i think he only got $ 500,000 for the first movie .
he only got $ 7500 for recording all of the lines for star wars
you too !
you too !
i am a fan of the nfl , what about you ?
i like the nfl , i like the nfl , what about you ?
i like the patriots . i like the patriots .
i am a fan of the patriots , i think they are a great team , what about you ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a calming color .
i think that would be a great idea , i think its a great tradition , you know there s no rule against women playing in the nfl , there s no rule against it
i think that is a great idea , i think it is a great tradition , i think it is a great sport , i think its a great tradition to relax and relax and relax and relax
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great game .
i do n't know . i do know that he is a great player .
i think he is a great qb . he is a great qb .
i think he is a great singer .
i think it was paul d hubbard , he was deaf and did not want the other team to read his hand signals
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the opposing team ?
i think it was paul d. hubbard who was deaf and did not want the other team to read his hand signals
yeah , i guess it was because of the game .
yeah that is pretty cool . did you know women can play too ?
i think it would be a great show . i would like to go to a bowling ball .
i think that would be a great idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
you too !
you too !
i do like snl . i love snl .
i do like south park , i think it 's funny that the simpsons sent flowers to the south park creators
i do n't know why they did that .
i think that is so cool . i wonder if they ever had a video of that episode .
i think that is so cool . i wonder if they ever had a video of him .
i think it was a great show . i think it was a great show .
that is crazy ! i wonder if homer ever appeared in the first 400 episodes of the simpsons ?
that is crazy ! i wonder if he ever got into pokemon ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he ever got into the treehouse of horror xxi
i do n't know , but i do know that there is an episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that daniel radcliffe voiced the cartoon parody of twilight 's edward cullen on the simpsons episode treehouse of horror xxi .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever caught them all .
i do . there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound
i do n't know if i could find a radio station that can be picked up by am radio .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound .
wow that is amazing . do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios ?
that 's pretty cool . i wonder if they were listening to the ventriloquist ventriloquist ?
i wonder if they could pick up jupiter storms on jupiter .
i think that was a great idea . i wonder if the ventriloquist was any good ?
same here , have a good one
i 'm doing well . did you know mars is the only planet that rotates clockwise ?
i 'm doing well . did you know mars is the only planet that rotates clockwise ?
i do n't know . i know that mars is the fifth largest planet in the solar system .
i have not . i wonder if it is due to the atmosphere .
i have not . i wonder if it is due to the atmosphere .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they will ever have mars colonization project for 2023
i think that is a good idea , i wonder if they will be able to build a colonization project for mars
i think it is because of the atmosphere .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they will be able to build a colonization project for 2023
i think it would be a good idea . i would love to see it .
i think it is because of the atmosphere .
i think that would be a good idea . i would love to see that colonization project for 2023 .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that nasa used metric system to send a spaceship to mars in the us .
i have not . i have heard that nasa had a satellite in mars .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the metric system ?
yes , it is . i wonder if it is on the planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree fahrenheit weather .
i think it would be a planet that precipitates shards of glass sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree fahrenheit weather .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it is because of the size of the planet .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's interesting that venus does n't tilt so it has no seasons .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun .
good morning !
i did n't know that . i would love to travel to europe . i would love to travel to europe .
i know right , i wonder how many times that is , i wonder if they have a dance video of it
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan and see a bus that can go 160 mph .
yes , i did . i wonder if they have buses that travel 160 mph
yes , i wonder if they have a king there ?
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever went to iceland ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he went through 4 pairs of shoes a week .
i did not know that . i wonder if he went through 4 pairs of shoes a week .
i did not know that . tupac danced ballet in high school .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever danced ballet in high school .
i know , i wonder if they are able to dance to music .
i know , right ? i would love to go to mackinac island where they have banned motorized vehicles .
i did not know that . i wonder how many episodes they have been on that ?
i did not know that . i wonder how many episodes they have been on that ?
i know right , i wonder how many episodes they have been on that show
that is a lot of walking ! i wonder if they have a rail service ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever had a different one .
i wonder if they ever had a different sense of humor .
i think that was a great show , i wonder if they ever did it in the uk
i think that is a great show , i wonder if it was because of the cast or something .
i think i 've seen that one . i wonder if it was because it was a very good show .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit the dutch bus that goes 160 mph .
i think it was thomas the tank engine , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think it was great chatting with you today .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great show .
i think they have a lot of famous voices . i think they have a lot of famous voices .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a good relationship with the environment .
i think it is . i think it is a great show .
i 'm not sure . i do know the dutch are creating a commuter bus that can travel 160 mph .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it would be a good idea . i would like to travel more .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a great dancer .
i have not . what is it ?
yes they are actually banned by car , they are friendly
i would love to visit mackinac island .
i am not sure . i know that bruce lee was a great dancer and won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure .
i 'm not sure . i would like to visit japan and see if i can find a way to visit
i 'm not sure . i know that the patriots have a bad record .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was paul d. hubbard or a deaf quarterback ?
i think that is a great way to keep the team safe . i think he was a great qb .
yeah , i think that is a great way to protect the team .
he was a great halo 3 player , he was a great halo 3 player , he was a great halo 3 player
i think he is a great player , he has a model wife , she makes more than double what he makes
i think he is a great player . he has been in the super bowl for a while .
i do n't know . i wonder if he has any strawberries ?
i do n't know , but he has never eaten a strawberry .
i think he is a great player . he has never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he has been in the super bowl 8 times
i agree . i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i agree . i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms
i wonder how they figured that out . i wonder if they were able to do that in wwii .
i wonder if they have a radio that broadcasts in latin ?
i wonder if they were able to do that . i wonder if they were able to do that .
i wonder if they have a radio station that plays 40 % of the music on the radio
i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms
i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that would be a great idea . i would like to see the navy coach .
i think that would be a great idea . i would like to see the navy coach .
i wonder how many people actually play fantasy spelling bees ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if people will ever play fantasy spelling bee .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have fantasy congress league like the fantasy congress league .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a lot of money .
i do n't know , but i do know there is a fantasy congress league .
i think it is funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team
i think that 's funny . i wonder if it 's because of the color of the color of the color of the color of the color of the color of the color of the color of the color .
i think bowling is a very popular sport .
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
i think it was 222 - 0 when georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0
i think that would be a great game to watch . i would have to say i would have to say the least .
that is crazy ! i wonder if that was the highest score ever in a football game ?
yeah , that is a crazy score . i wonder if it was because of the clock that was only 11 minutes long ?
i like the patriots . i like the patriots .
i like the patriots , i think they are the best team in the league , they are the best team in the league
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is the best player in the nfl .
yes , i agree . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
you too !
i do n't really know much about politics .
i do n't really know much about politics . i do n't think it 's a good idea .
i do n't know much about voting . i do know that astronauts can vote from space .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that astronauts can vote from space .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that 34 % of black men in alabama has permanently lost the right to vote .
i think that is a good point . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's sad that 34 % of black men in alabama have permanently lost the right to vote .
i think it is a very violent sport , i think it is a very violent sport , i think it is a good thing that astronauts can vote from space
i have not . i think it is a very strange law .
i think it was because of felonies .
i think that is a very strange name . i wonder if they are allowed to vote in austin tx .
i think it 's a democracy . i think it 's funny that in 1918 not all men were allowed to vote until 1918 .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i wonder if they still vote for that . i wonder if they have a lot of lions like the astronauts in space
i wonder if that is the case in india where the president is a dictator or a president ?
i 'm sure they are . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i do n't know . i know jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents .
i think it 's interesting that jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents .
i did n't know that . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i do not have an iphone . i do n't have an iphone .
i do n't know why they do n't have a iphone .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is the same as the one in muse .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it was a good thing or not .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good guy .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if it was a problem or not , i do nt know why they banned it ,
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is the same as the iphone .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it was a problem or not .
i do n't know if i could watch a horror movie before seeing abstract art , but i do n't think i 've seen it .
i do like them , i think its a great genre , you can burn 180 calories by watching horror movies
i do n't know if i have ever seen that movie , i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i guess that is why they are scared of them .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories .
i do n't know much about horror movies . i do know that stephen king was terrified of bambi as a child when he saw it as a child .
i wonder if he was scared of bambi when he saw it .
i wonder if he ever saw that . i wonder if he ever saw the movie the shining ?
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because of the movie .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the creepy metallic noises in horror movies .
i have not . i wonder if it 's because of the instrument called a waterphone .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because of the movie bambi ?
i love the movies . i love the old black comedy movies .
i think that is a great movie , i think it is a great movie , i like the movie kung fu hustle , i think it is a great movie
i have not seen it but i have seen it .
i think it 's funny that bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy " .
i 've never been to michigan before , but i 've been to michigan and i 've been there twice . i 've been to michigan and i 've been there twice , i 've been there .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's a good thing or not .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
i would love to travel around the world , i would love to travel around the world , i would love to travel around the world
i wonder if they have ships in japan where they were born ?
i wonder if they have a rail service , or if they have a car that goes 160 mph
i 've been to japan , but never been there . i 've been to japan , but i 've never been there .
i have been there , i have been there twice , i have been there , i would love to visit mackinac island , mi , mi , they banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years
no , i have n't been there but i have been there . i 've been there twice , but i 've been there .
i have not been there but i have been there . i have been there a few times . i 've been there a few times .
i 've been to michigan and i 've been there before . i 've been to michigan and i 've been there twice in the past .
i wonder if they have a car that can burn up to 180 calories
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i guess it 's a horror movie .
i have n't seen it either . i guess it 's a horror movie .
i have not . what is it about ?
i have not heard of that before . i wonder if it 's because of the instrument that makes creepy noises in horror movies .
yes i do . did you know he went to high school with busta rhymes ?
i do like rap music . i like melody and harmony .
yeah . do you know who the ghostwriter for the song bugs bunny on the space jam soundtrack ?
i do n't know if i have ever heard any of his songs .
i think rap is a very popular genre . i think it 's funny that korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called " compliment battle " .
i like some of tupac shakur . i like his music .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the rugrats movie .
i do like rap , i like some of it , what about you ?
i think tupac is a great rapper , he is a great rapper .
i did not know that . i wonder if he had any of his music .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he ever rapped about the judge in michigan who delivered her ruling in rap when he was trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i think he was a great player . i think he had a great sense of humor .
i think he 's a great rapper . i think he 's a great rapper .
i have not . i have n't heard of him . i do know that he has a lot of rap .
i think he 's a great rapper . i think he 's a great rapper .
i do n't know much about him . i do know that tupac shakur 's music is in the library of congress of cultural significance .
i think he is a great artist , i think he is a great artist , i like his music a lot , his music is in the library of congress
i do like linkin park . i love the old stuff .
i love music . i love the old school rap . i love the old school stuff from the 70 's .
you too !
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
you too !
i know some stuff . did you know the senate used the same gavel for 165 years until richard nixon cracked it ?
yes they have candy for the senate
yeah . did you hear of that candy desk in the senate ?
yeah . did you hear of that candy desk in the senate ?
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i wonder if he is still alive in the us .
yeah . did you know they used the same gavel for 165 years until nixon cracked it ?
yeah that is pretty cool . did you know women were not allowed to wear pants in the senate until 1993 ?
i think it was a great idea . i wonder if they ever had a woman wearing those before 1993 .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they ever used the same gavel for 165 years until nixon cracked it .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that pilgrims wear clothes that were originally designed to be worn by the collar gaps to tell if you are tailored .
i do n't have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite .
i like jeans , i have a lot of jeans , i like jeans , i like jeans , i like jeans , i like jeans , i have a lot of jeans
i do not know much about him . i know that pilgrims wore colorful clothing and only wore black for special occasions .
yeah i think that was back in 1986 , i wonder if they were wearing any of those clothes
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any clothing there ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any clothes there .
i think it 's because they look for collar gaps in your clothes .
i think it is a good idea . i wonder if it is worth it .
yes they are making in north korea but it is not
yeah . do you know how rip curl makes clothing in north korea ?
i do , i love watching shark tank , what about you ?
i do , i love the simpsons , there is an episode where bart does not appear
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because there is only one episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned
i did not know that , i wonder why he did that , i wonder if he was in the first 400 episodes of the simpsons
i think that is crazy , i wonder if they ever had bart in it , i wonder if he was in it
ya i think you 're right , i do n't like the simpsons , i guess there 's only one episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it 's because it 's been on air for so long .
i did , i was a fan of the simpsons , i was a fan of the show , i liked it a lot as a kid
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
yeah it is . do you know why it is illegal to warm up your car in ohio ?
yeah . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
i think it was because it was the founder of detroit , so i guess it makes sense
i think it was because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it was the american american tradition . i wonder if it was the same thing .
i think it was a french explorer , i wonder if he was really good at it
i do n't know , i do know that mcdonalds ' added drive thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i think it was because soldiers were not allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues .
yeah , i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if they have any function or if they are using google maps to calculate traffic
i do n't know , i do know that google is a dog company , i think it 's a great way to promote their lives
i do use google , i use it a lot , i use it a lot , what about you ?
you too , have a good one
i 'm doing well . how are you ?
i do n't really know much about tennis . i do know that the longest tennis match in history was 11 hours long .
i 'm not sure , but i know a little about it . i know that the only black man has ever won the us open title in 1968 and no black man has won it since .
i know right , i wonder how much it was worth now , i wonder how much it would take to do that
i know right ! i wonder how much it would cost to build a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think it would be a fun game to watch . i wonder if it was 11 hours long .
i 'm sure it was . i wonder if it was 11 hours long .
i 'm sure they are kicking themselves for not buying it .
i think blockbuster is kicking themselves for not buying netflix .
i 'm sure they do . i wonder if they still have a dvd service or if they are still around ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot of traffic .
i 'm sure they do . i wonder if they have a youtube video of it ?
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's because of the late fees , but i 'm not sure .
i think that was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think blockbuster is kicking themselves for not buying netflix .
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that netflix was started because of a late fee .
yeah , i think that is true . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 mill .
you too !
i do n't know much about hats . i do know that the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat .
i do n't know much about hats . i do know that the british used to wear hats in the house of commons until 1998 .
i think it was the bowler hat . i think it was the cowboy hat .
i do n't wear hats . i do n't wear hats . i do know that in 1998 british politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons .
i think that 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the british used to wear hats in the old west .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen a cowboy hat . i 've never seen a hat before .
i think it was the most popular hat in the old west .
i think that is a great hat . i think it 's funny that tipping your hat originates from knights raising their face visor to show friendliness .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the tipping of hat originates from knights raising their face visors to show friendliness .
i think that would be a fun thing to do . i would love to see a bowler in the robes robes team .
i do like to wear them . i do n't know if i have ever seen a basketball game .
i do n't know much about him . i know he was a dominant player .
yeah , i think it was because of kareem abdul jabbar .
yeah i think he was the best coach in the history of the game , he was a great player , he was a great player
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that in 39 out of 50 states , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach .
i think it 's because of the nickname of the new zealand team .
i think that is a very racist nickname . i wonder if they have a nickname like the new zealand basketball team ?
i would love to see that . i would love to see the nba player allen iverson signed with reebok .
i would have to agree with you on that . i would be so upset if i had to pick up the granny style shot .
you too !
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of music ?
i have not . i have not seen it .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that there is a youtube video of a movie called " the tb12 method " .
i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good thing that the kids are n't in the same situation .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that mcdonalds ' added drive - thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a shame that the government is not in the us . i think it 's a shame that the government is not in the us .
i agree . i think it 's sad that people are n't so upset about the situation .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's sad that the amount of money is taken from the people who are n't paid to be prepared for the pay .
i would love to go to a museum someday .
i think i 've heard of that before . i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen a movie about it .
i do n't have a car . i do n't have a kindle . i do n't have a kindle .
i do n't know why it is blue . i do know that facebook is blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think it 's a great idea . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much .
you too !
i wonder if they have any good shoes .
i wonder if they have any good shoes .
i know right , i wonder how many pairs of shoes he went through , i wonder how many pairs of shoes he went through
i did not know that . i wonder how many pairs of shoes he went through ?
i know right , i wonder how many shoes he has to do with that lol
i know right , i wonder if they have tea bags in them
i know right , i wonder how many pairs of shoes he has , i wonder if he has a good amount of money
i do nt know , i do know that the president guest house is bigger than the white house
i do n't know , i do know steve smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness of homeless people without shoes
yeah . do you know how steve smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness ?
i think that s a great thing , i wonder if he was a good player , i wonder if he was a good player
yeah , he was a great player , he never fumbled the ball in his career
i do nt know , he is a great player , he has a great player , he has a great player , he has a great player , he has a great player
yeah he is a great player , he never fumbled the ball in his career
yeah that is true . do you know what the visitor locker room is ?
yeah , i wonder if that is the reason why the university of iowa painted their visitor locker room pink
i wonder if it is because of the opposing team or just the opposing team or if it is just a calming color
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if the top bowlers in the 1960s made more than the top football players back in the 1960s
yeah , i wonder too . do you know who the top three wealthiest presidents were ?
yeah i think it was jefferson , washington and jfk
i 'm not sure , but i know jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents
yeah , i guess that is why the guest house is bigger than the white house
i do n't know much about them . i do know that mcdonalds invented the drive thru in 1975 .
i do n't know much about the car . i do know that cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
yeah , i think it was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
yeah , i think it was named after the founder of detroit .
yes because old cars used to have wooden trunks
yeah . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
yeah , i guess that makes sense . do you know why mcdonalds invented the drive thru ?
yeah , i guess soldiers were n't allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues
yeah , i think it was in the us . i wonder if it was the same thing .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that a person became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo
yes he beat 90 000 people in gran turismo
yes he beat 90 000 people in gran turismo
yes he beat 90 000 people in gran turismo
yeah . do you know how jann mardenborough became a professional driver ?
yeah . in iceland there is no public rail system
i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever traveled around the world ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he ever traveled around the world .
yeah i think that is so cool . do you know the dutch are working on a bus that goes 160 mph ?
you too !
i love traveling . did you know the dutch are creating a bus that can go 160 mph ?
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan .
yeah . do you know who the first king to travel the world was ?
yeah . do you travel much ?
yeah . do you know how much it cost ?
yes . in mackinac island there are no cars there
yeah . in mackinac island there is no motorized vehicles allowed
yeah . in mackinac island there is no motorized vehicles allowed
yeah . do you like to travel ?
yeah . in iceland there is no public railway
yes that was king kalakaua of hawaii
yeah . do you use your phone much ?
yes they do not have a railway
yes that was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
yes it was easy to dial on a rotary phone
yeah . do you use your phone much ?
yes it is impossible to separate two phone books that simply have their pages overlapped together
yeah . do you use your phone much ?
yeah . unicef donates clean water when we do not use our phones
same here , have a good one
i think it is a great source of information .
i think that is really cool . i wonder if there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe ?
i think that is a great theory . i think it is really cool that there is only one electron in the universe .
i have not . i have heard that there is a theory that scientists theorize that universes evolve through natural selection .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a good theory , i think its a great idea , there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe
i 'm not sure . i think it 's crazy that there is a theory that the universe is one giant superhologram .
i have not . i have heard that there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe .
i think i have read that one before , i think i 'm gon na go check it out . have a good day !
i agree . i think it 's crazy that there is a cold spot in the universe that stars in the universe .
i think that 's a good idea . i 'm sure there are stars that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i have not . i have heard that there is a cold spot in the universe that is cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i have not . i have heard that there is a cold spot in the universe that is cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if there are stars in the universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i think that would be neat to visit . i wonder if they are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they are still around to determine the universes .
yes , i agree . i think it 's fascinating that there is a theorize that universes evolve through natural selection .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that there is only one electron in the universe .
i agree . i think it 's funny that scientists theorize that universes evolve through natural selection much like species do on earth .
you too !
i do not know much about him . i know he has released 3 pop albums while in office .
i did n't know that . i wonder if trump is in the list of the wealthiest presidents ?
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest .
i think he would be the most wealthy president .
i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i wonder too . do you know how the vp used to be elected ?
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that until 1805 the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president .
yeah i think that would be a good idea , i wonder if they would have a lot of drama in the white house
i did not know that . i wonder if it is true in the white house ?
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i wonder if the us government owns 86 % of the land in nevada
i wonder if it is because of the military or if it is a desert or something ?
i think it is because of the military and the military and the military .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the us has a lot of land in nevada .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have ever bought a new one , i do n't think i 've ever bought anything from amazon though
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because there 's a store in vermont that has no target .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because they have a store in vermont .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any good clothing there .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any good clothing .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any tobacco products ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they do n't have tobacco products .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite . i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i have not read it but i have heard it is a book about the tb12 method .
yeah , i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
yeah , i guess he is a great player . he has a book called the tb12 method .
yeah , he is a great player . he is a great player .
yeah . espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games
yeah , i heard they are putting tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
yeah , i think that is a great point . i think it is funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
yeah , i guess that makes sense . engineers make more than football players over their lifetime
yeah , i guess that makes sense . did you hear about the rule for the new orleans cheerleaders ?
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it is a great way to keep the players healthy .
yeah , i think that is a great invention . i think it is a great invention .
yeah , i think that is a great invention . i think it is a great invention .
yeah , i guess that is why they won an emmy for creating the yellow line .
i think that was back in 1916 .
yeah , i guess it was a good book .
yes that is the bible bible , the bible is the best selling book of all time
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a translation or something .
i did not know that . i wonder why that is ?
yeah , i wonder if jefferson swore on the bible .
i wonder if he was a religious person ?
you too !
i am ! i love the original trilogy !
i think she deserved it . she 's a very accomplished husband .
i love the star wars movies ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i love the movies ! i love the 20th century fox was going to flop !
i think he was a great actor . he only got $ 7500 for recording all of the lines in the first movie .
i know right ! he was only paid $ 7,500 for the first movie he made .
i think he was the most successful actor ever .
i think he was the most successful actor ever .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was in the movie ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if she has any ideas .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think he is a great player . he is a great performer .
i think it was a great idea , i bet myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i know right , myspace had the chance to buy facebook for $ 75 million back in 2005
i would have loved to have seen that promotion . i would have taken a free whopper if i had unfriended 10 friends for a free whopper .
i would have to agree with you on that one . i would be so upset if i had a facebook account .
i do n't know what it is . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i know right ! i would have taken a free burger king promotion if i unfriend 10 people on facebook .
you too !
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because soldiers were n't allowed to leave their cars in their fatigues ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because soldiers were n't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i did n't know that . i wonder why they did that ?
i think that was back in the day . i wonder if they were still around ?
i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
that is crazy ! i wonder if anyone ever got a flame thrower on their car in south africa ?
i would love to live in south africa .
yeah , i think it 's crazy that the trunk of a car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
yeah , i think ford invented the car .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got into the car industry ?
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if it 's because of the old technology that was made for the car industry ?
i would love to see that instrument . i wonder if it 's used in horror movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies like the majority of creepy noises in horror movies .
i would love to see that movie . i wonder if it was any good ?
i would love to see that one . i wonder if it was any good ?
i 'm not sure . i do know that silence of the lambs came out on valentines day in 1991 .
i think that was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i know right ! i think it 's crazy that disney 's treasure planet was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time !
i know right ! i would have loved to be the highest all time box office star .
i agree . i think he was a great actor .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i have a goldfish , i have a goldfish , i have a goldfish , i have a goldfish , i have a goldfish , 43 year old .
i think it would be cool to have a neck . i wonder if it is the seahorse that is the only fish with a neck ?
i would love to have a fish tank . i would love to have a neck .
i have not . i have never been to one . i have been to a lot of koi fish .
i wonder if they are still around ? i 've never been fishing before . i 've never been to new orleans .
that 's pretty cool . i wonder if they have a lot of salt water fish in it ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that there is a species of fish that can breathe and swallow at the same time .
i wonder if they can eat prey twice its size and ten times its weight .
i 'm not sure . i know that if you view a superhero in the ocean , you can fit all kinds of animals in the ocean .
i 'm sure it 's true . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that humans lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago .
i think that is a great idea ! i wonder if we 'll ever have to do that to make us more aware of our own vitamin c like we do in the us !
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that there 's a sound frequency that causes fear in humans .
i think it 's interesting that we have a different sound frequency that causes fear in humans .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that humans are the best distance runners among all animals .
i did not know that . i wonder if that is true .
i think that 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i agree . i think patrick stewart is a great actor . he is a great actor .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great show .
i have n't seen it yet . i have n't seen it .
i agree . he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i agree . i think it 's a great movie .
i agree . i wonder if he ever watched the horror movie before he became a horror film ?
i do n't know if i 've ever seen him in a horror movie .
i agree . i think he was a great horror movie . i think he was a great horror writer .
i wonder if he ever saw that .
i 'm sure it was a lot more than that . i 'm sure it 's a very stressful job .
i 'm not sure . i know that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i do . i love netflix . i love watching movies and movies . i love watching movies .
i think that netflix is a great service . i think it 's funny that blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $ 50 million .
i bet blockbuster regrets not acquiring netflix
i have not . i have not .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's worth it . i 'm sure it 's worth it though .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i have n't seen it yet . i 'm not sure if i 've seen any of the movies . i 'm sure it 's a good thing that daniel day - lewis is the only actor to win best actor three times in his movie .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever won any awards ?
i 'm sure he has ! i also did n't know that eminem has more oscars than leonardo decaprio , johnny depp , will smith , george lucas , and bill murray combined !
i agree . i think he has a lot of oscars too .
i do n't watch it much , but i do like the patriots .
i do n't really watch it , i do n't have cable anymore , i do n't have cable anymore , i do n't have cable anymore , i do n't have cable anymore , i do n't have cable anymore , i do n't have cable anymore , i do n't have cable anymore , i do you ?
i do n't really watch it but i do know that the average nfl game only has 11 mins of live game play .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
i know right , i wonder if the other team was just that bad , i wonder if the other team was just really bad back then
i think that would be a great idea , i would be upset if i were cumberland , i would have quit after that game lol
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have any females in the nfl , or if they have a woman kicker or something like that .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player
i think that is a great invention . i think it is a great invention .
i think that is really cool , i think it 's crazy that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field
i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if they use the chips in the players shoulder pads to record their every move on the field .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they use the data to make the game safer
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a chip in the bible to help the players and the other team .
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i think that is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think he was a great man , he was a great student and a great student of his , he had a great collection , his prime minister was 85 years old
i think he was a great guy . he was a great man . he was a great man .
i think he was a great guy , he was able to afford a wheelbarrow full of books , he was 85 years old
i agree , he was a great man , he was a great man and also a great man , he was able to prove his innocence
you too , have a great day !
i have not . i do n't know if i 've ever seen him play .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer
i do n't know , i do n't know if i could do that , i 'd like to travel to iceland , they have no public rail service and most icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns .
i think it 's a great idea . i would like to go to mackinac island where they banned motorized vehicles .
i have been there , but i have been there twice . i have been there twice , but i have been there .
i have been to japan and i have been there , i have been there twice , i would love to visit japan , i would love to visit the country
i would love to travel to iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i have not . i would like to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to go to one of their concerts .
i did not know that . i wonder if they ever toured for that long ?
i know , i wonder if they were any good ?
i 'm not sure . pink floyd recorded a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i do n't know , i do know pink floyd recorded a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i think it was in pompeii . i think it was in the roman amphitheater .
i would love to see a show there . i would love to see a show like that .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever had a baseball card ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they ever played kickball in canada , they call it soccer baseball lol
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if the guy who found 3 million dollars worth of old baseball cards in his attic ?
i would love to find some old japanese baseball cards . i would love to find some old japanese baseball cards .
you too !
i did not . i do n't really know much about him .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the guests or the guests ?
i did nt know that , i wonder why he is not in the guest house ,
i did nt know that , i wonder why he is not in the guest house , i wonder why he is not in the guest house
i think he is a great president . i think he is a great president .
i think he is , he is a great president , he is a great president , he is a great president , his a great president
i think he is a good president , i think he is a great president , he is a great actor , he is a great actor
i think he is a great president , he is a great president , he is a great president , he can also be a hero
i think he 's a good actor . he 's a very intelligent man .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i have not . i have seen it .
i love meryl streep , she has been nominated for 8 academy awards
i do n't really like him , i do n't like him but i do like him , i think he 's a great actor .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if she was in the movie too ?
i did nt know that , i wonder if she is any good , i m sure she has a great voice
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i 'm sure she has . she has been nominated for 8 academy awards .
i am a fan of baseball . i like the game .
i 'm not sure , i do n't know much about baseball , but i do know that the dutch are making a computer that can actually play for their teams if needed .
i 'm not sure . i do know that kickball is also called soccer - baseball in canada .
i think it 's a great idea . i would love to find some old baseball cards in my attic .
i would love to find some old baseball cards ! i would sell some of those cards !
i would love to have a car collection like that . i would love to go to iceland and have to use domestic flights to travel between major towns .
i would love to travel around the world , i would love to travel around the world , i love to travel , i love to travel , i love to travel , i love to travel , i love to travel , i love to travel as well as the king kalakaua of hawaii
i do n't have a car , but i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i would love to travel to mackinac island . i would love to visit mackinac island .
i think it would be a good idea . i would n't want to live there .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i would love to travel to japan , i would love to visit japan , i would love to visit japan , i would love to visit japan
i would love to travel to iceland , i would love to visit japan and see the lack of public transportation
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i would love to travel to iceland someday ! i would love to visit iceland , they have no public rail service and most icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns .
that is true . iceland has no public rail service and most icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've ever been to japan , but i do n't think i 've seen it .
i agree . i would love to attend a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i wonder if he recorded it in an amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i think i 've seen photos of that concert . i 'm not sure if i 've seen it .
i wonder if they ever had a concert like that . i wonder if they ever had a tour like the king of hawaii who was the first king to travel around the world
i love him ! i love him !
i love that movie ! i love that movie !
i have n't seen it but i have seen it . i 'm not sure if it 's any good .
i think that is a great show . i think it 's funny that ryan stiles dropped out of high school to pursue comedy .
i think that is a great movie . i love the hangover movies .
i have n't seen it but i have heard of it . i have n't seen it .
i have n't . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i do n't know , but i do know that ryan stiles dropped out of high school to pursue comedy .
i 'm sure he was . i wonder if he ever released a rap album ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a good guitar ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever played the guitar ?
i love the guitar . i love the guitar . i love the guitar .
i love the guitar . i love the guitar . did you know that queen 's guitarist has a phd in astrophysics ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he uses a coin as a guitar pick ?
i think he is a great guitarist . he also uses coins as guitar picks .
i think he is a great guitarist . he has a phd in astrophysics .
i think that is great , i think it is a great album , i love the sound of the guitar , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i have not . i wonder if it was any good ?
i have not . i have n't heard of it . i do know that dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 .
you too !
i did nt know that , i wonder if he ever had a sister , federer is a great player , he has been gifted two cows over his career
i did n't know that either . i wonder if they were any good ?
i think federer is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , federer is a great player and also a skilled player
i do n't really know much about tennis . i do know that the longest tennis match in history was 11 hours long .
i like the movie , i like the movie the other day , i like the movie the best , the movie is the longest tennis match in history
i think it 's funny that they used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the 1969 us open
i think federer is a great player , federer is the best player in the world , federer is the best player in the world
i know right , i wonder how long it lasted , that is a long time , i wonder how long it lasted
i know , right ? federer is a great player and also a great player , he tore his meniscus in his meniscus
i think he is a great player , he has been gifted two cows over his career
i wonder if he ever got a job like federer or federer ?
i wonder if he ever got a job like switzerland , he has been honored with an official stamp
i would love to be able to beat a ball like federer and his sister john isner !
i do n't know if i could play tennis , but i do know that gael monfils beat him after learning how to play tennis
i do n't know if i could play tennis , but i do know that gael monfils beat the " roger federer of paddle tennis " after learning how to play just days earlier .
i think it would be fun to play tennis . i would love to play tennis .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he has been gifted two cows over his career .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder if it is the same as nevada 's option .
i think that s a good idea , i think we should do that , we should do that in ancient athens
i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be a good idea to be honest , i think it would be a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's sad that voter turnout has n't reached 63 % in the last 100 years .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that astronauts can vote from space .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the taller candidate has won the us presidential election 75 % of the time .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the taller candidate has won the us presidential election 75 % of the time .
i 'm not sure , i do n't know why they did that , i do know that international observers were blocked from the polls in 2012
i think that is a very silly name . i wonder why they did that ?
i think that is a very silly name . i wonder if they are allowed to vote from space or if they are named after fred durst ?
i do n't know , i do know that india set up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter .
i did n't know that , i wonder why ? i wonder why 34 % of black men in alabama lost the right to vote
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they had to do that in 1918 .
i did n't know that ! i wonder if he was a scientist ?
i think he did that as well . he was a great president .
i think he was a great president , i wonder if he was a good president , i wonder if he was a good guy
i did n't know that , i wonder if he was good at martial arts ?
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it was a very good story .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was because of the fact that texas elected their first female governor before some states even ratified the 19th amendment .
i think that is a very sad story .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a show of the other bands like the 70 's show .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i do n't know much about country music . i do know that country music is the most listened to rush hour radio genre in the evening .
i think country music is a great genre , i like country music , i like country music , i like country music , what about you ?
i think country music is a great genre , i like country music , i like country music , what about you ?
i think it 's interesting that u2 opened for themselves in 1987 as a country band .
i think that is a great band , i like the band u2 , they opened for themselves in 1987
i think it 's funny that the fender stratocaster was originally intended for country music
i think that is a great guitar , i like country music , i like country music , i like country music , what about you ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if george strait ever bought any of the other strait strait strait strait and jeff bezos ?
i 'm not sure . i do know hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama .
i do n't know , i do know jon hamm taught drama at his old high school
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever got into acting ?
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever listened to that show .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to make a living .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because of the old radio dramas .
i do , i have a facebook account , what about you ?
i think it 's crazy that facebook is illegal in schleswig - holstein .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are using facebook to rewrite their constitution .
i think i 've heard about that promotion before . i wonder if it was a free whopper .
i think it was started back in 2005 .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook .
i think that would be a great idea . i would have loved to have seen the movie .
i think it 's crazy myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005
i think myspace is kicking themselves for not buying facebook .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i agree . i think it is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that youtube had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a video of it ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that google bought youtube in 2006 for 1.65 billion dollars .
i think it 's crazy that they had to upgrade their view count integer to 64 bits .
i think it is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a youtube video ?
yeah , i think it was a great video . i think it was so cool that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a myspace back then ?
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it was the first time they had a good season .
you too !
i do n't really have a hockey team . i do n't know much about hockey .
i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i do n't know much about hockey . i know that canada is the only country in the world with two national sports .
i am a fan of the nfl . i am a fan of the nfl .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i do n't know much about lacrosse . i do know that the us is the only country that has a hockey team .
i do n't know much about hockey . i do know that a hockey player was traded for a puck in his pocket .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if i 've ever heard of that .
i think that was the best move in the history of the sport , i think it was in the year 2011
i bet he was kicking himself for that decision !
i think that was a mistake . i think he was a great player .
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he 's ever caught on fire when he was in high school .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he 's ever eaten a strawberry ?
i know right , i wonder if they have a self driving car like google 's self driving cars
i do n't know . i do know that a hockey player can lose up to 8 pounds in one game .
i like some of the older stuff like the older stuff like the older ones .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it .
i do n't know , but i do know that he visited drake university in the middle of the night after students gave up trying to get him to visit .
i like him too . i think he is a great player .
i did n't know that . i wonder how they figured that out .
i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms
i think that is a great law . i wonder if they have a law that requires all radio stations to play at least 40 % canadian music .
i wonder how they figured that out . i wonder if they were able to make radios out of razor blades and pencils ?
i wonder how they figured that out . i wonder if they were able to do that in canada .
i wonder how they figured out how to do that ?
i wonder if they have any good radio dramas .
i think it was back in 1975 .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a law that requires all radio stations to play at least 40 % canadian music .
i think that s a great law , i wonder if they have a radio station that plays a news program in latin
i do n't know , but i do know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i do n't know . i do know that the trunk of a car is called that because older cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i do n't know . i do know that it is legal in south africa to equip flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i think ford invented the car in 1886 .
yeah . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
yeah , i guess that makes sense . do you know why mcdonalds invented the drive thru ?
i think it was in the 20th century .
yeah , i would be so mad if i lived in south africa where it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
yeah , i think it would be a great idea . i wonder if the drive thru was invented in 1975
i would love to live in south africa .
i love the piano . i love the piano .
i love the piano . i love the piano . i love the piano .
i do n't play any instruments , but i do play the guitar .
i do n't know if i could play it , but i do know that it was invented in italy around 1700
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever played the guitar , but i do know that it 's a very popular instrument .
i do n't know if i could play it , but i do n't know if i could play it . i do like the piano though .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard of that . i do know that there is a deaf rapper who wears his hand signals from the public .
i agree , i think it 's crazy that the hindenburg was only 356 pounds , that is a lot more than the hindenburg
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's cool that the piano was invented in italy by bartolomeo cristofori around 1700 .
i would love to have a piano at the top of the hindenburg . i would love to have a piano .
i think it 's interesting that the director of the london symphony orchestra is the birth year of the shrew .
i think he was a great writer . i think he was a great writer .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever wrote any of his plays .
i think he was a great writer . he was a great writer .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that he was a british accent .
i do n't know much about him . i know he was a child in hamlet .
i like shakespeare , he was a great writer , he invented the names miranda , jessica , olivia and olivia
i love shakespeare . he also invented the names miranda , jessica , and olivia .
i agree . i think he is a great writer .
i think he was a great dude . i think he was a great writer .
yes that was the movie that was certified platinum 8 times
i think it was daft punk . they were a great band .
i think it was the movie that was the begins soundtrack , i think it was a great movie , i think it was the movie that was really good , i think it was the movie begins begins soundtrack
i think that was the movie too . i think it was the movie that was the director of the movie tron soundtrack .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think that is really cool . i think it 's cool that phil collins recorded the english version of the tarzan soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i think he recorded the english version of the tarzan soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player . phil collins recorded the english version of the tarzan soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i think he recorded the english version of the tarzan soundtrack in 5 different languages .
i think it 's cool that two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992 .
i think it 's cool that reel big fish re - recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they are any good ?
i think it would be cool to listen to them . i wonder if they have any good songs .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i could watch it , i do n't know if i could do it though .
ya i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
that is pretty cool . i wonder if it was any good ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was any good ?
yeah , i think it was a great album , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i think that album is my favorite album
yeah , i think it 's pretty cool that they have a new album called " the marshall " .
i do like pink floyd , i think i have heard of them , what about you ?
i have a dog . i have a dog . i have a dog .
i have a dog . i have a dog . she is a very smart dog .
i think that is very cool . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that google prefers dogs to cats .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a huge amount of information that has been saved in the library of alexandria .
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it 's because of the spread of reddit , or if it 's a social media platform ?
i do n't know , i do n't know what it is called .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen a dog , but i do n't know if i 've seen a lot of news from it .
i do n't really like the news . i do n't really like the news . i do n't really like the news .
i have not been there but i have heard there is a copy of the internet saved in case it burns down .
i 'm not sure , i do n't think i 've ever read the terms of service on the internet .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was a hamburger ?
yes , it was nice chatting with you too !
yes , it was nice chatting with you too !
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is addictive .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is addictive .
i do n't know , i do know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button .
i think it was a button .
i do , i love the sport , what about you ?
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a pink locker room like the university of iowa did for their visitors .
i 'm not sure . i do know that in the 60 's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i wonder if that was the highest scoring football game ever ?
i know , right ? i wonder if that was the case of the game or if it was just a game or something ?
i think it was for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is painted pink .
i think it is because of the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i do . i love watching the game . i love it .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't like the nfl . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a game . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a game .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it is because of the fact that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink .
yeah , i guess they have a lot of data . i wonder if they use those chips in the balls too .
i think that s great , i wonder how much the players make now , i wonder how much money bowlers made back in the 1960s
yeah , i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if they are able to track the stats like the cheerleaders and players .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0 .
i think he is a great player . he has never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season .
i know right , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also the best qb in the history of the nfl history
i think he is a great player . he has never eaten a strawberry .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also has a great record , he has been injured almost every game since 2002
you too !
i do n't know much about it . i do know that pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
yeah . do you know what the secret room is ?
yes that was robin williams , he was the voice of aladdin
yeah . do you know who the voice of the genie in aladdin ?
yeah . do you know who the highest paid celebrity is ?
yes it is judge judy who makes $ 123 000 per episode
yeah . do you know who the highest paid celebrity is ?
yeah . do you like pixar movies ?
yeah . do you like game of thrones ?
yeah . do you know who the first celebrity to appear in sesame street ?
i do not know , i do know that arya is the fastest rising baby name in the us
i do not know who is it ?
yes it is harry lloyd , the great grandson of charles dickens
yeah . do you know who is the fastest rising baby name ?
yeah . do you know who the granddaughter of the dickens is ?
yeah . do you know who the fastest rising baby name is ?
yeah . do you know who is the fastest rising baby name ?
yeah . do you like game of thrones ?
yes it is actually a show called game of lions
same here , have a good one
i love netflix . i love netflix . i love netflix .
i 'm sure they are kicking themselves for not buying it . i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million back in the day ?
i 'm sure they are kicking themselves for not buying it .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i did n't know that . i do n't think i 've seen the family guy episode . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think it 's funny that blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $ 50 million .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any good shows like the simpsons ?
i think it 's funny that netflix was started because of a $ 40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13 .
i do n't know , i do know that it is a very useful tool for entertainment .
i think it was because of a late fee . i think it was a great movie .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i love that show ! i love that show ! i love that show !
i did . i loved that show . i also loved that show .
i did n't know that . i did n't know that 3rd rock from the sun beat out seinfeld , friends , and frasier .
i love that show . i love that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i think it 's funny that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think that s a great idea , i think its a great idea , you know there s a variation of the internet called the eiffel tower , that s a great fact
i do n't know , but i know that the president of indonesia has a patent on a car .
i think it 's a little scary that there is a 274 line poem called chaos .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's a great movie .
yeah , i heard about that . i wonder if it is because of the fact that the internet is a mass medium ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that animals have a dominant side like the dominant side of the elephant .
i do n't know , i do know a lot about the dog and the dog .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen any of the animals that are studying animals .
i do n't have a dog . i do like dogs .
i do n't have a dog . i do like dogs . i have a dog .
i love dogs ! i love animals ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i agree . there is a lawyer in switzerland who represents animals in court .
i wonder if that is true , i wonder if it is real or if it is real or not .
i wonder if animals have a dominant paw like animals ?
i wonder if animals have a dog in their genes .
i wonder if they are still around ? there is a lobster that is immortal .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when animals had both gills and lungs .
i wonder if he is the switzerland switzerland switzerland who represents animals in court
you too !
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen any of those types of clothing , i do n't know if i 've ever seen them before , i do n't know if i 've ever seen them though .
i like costumes , i like the pilgrims , they wear panda costumes to work in the winter 's .
i like costumes too . i like costumes . panda researchers wear panda costumes to work .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that johnny depp wears his costume to make visits to hospitals .
i think that 's a good thing . i think it 's funny that she was in the movie the movie victorious .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the hoggle costume from labyrinth was lost in shipping and now resides in alabama .
i think it 's interesting that panda researchers wear panda costumes to work .
i think she 's a great player . i think she 's a great dad . i think she 's a great dad .
i do n't know , but i know that she is a famous singer , i think she is a great performer .
i think she is a great performer . i think she is a great performer .
i think she is a trailblazer of the selfie movement .
i think she is a great performer , she is a great performer , she is a great performer , she is a great performer , she has a great voice
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if i 've ever seen her in a tv show . i do n't know if i 've ever seen her .
i 'm sure she does , she 's the highest paid celebrity , only judge judy , and she makes $ 123,000 per episode !
i know right ! she is the highest paid celebrity after lebron james !
i wonder if she has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities ?
i have not . i wonder if it is on facebook ?
i do n't know , i do know that robin williams started the trend of celebrities voicing characters in animated films .
i think it was robin williams , he was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that robin williams started the trend of celebrities voicing characters in animated films .
i love the drive thru . i love the drive thru .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if it was a problem or not , i do n't know if i could do it , i do n't know if i could do it though .
i think it was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i do n't have an iphone , but i do n't have an iphone . i do n't have an iphone .
i do n't know , i do n't know why they banned it though , i do n't know why they did it though
i have an iphone . i have a android . i have a android .
i have an iphone . i have a android . i have a android .
i have an iphone . i have an android . i have a pixel xl 2 .
yeah me too . do you know when the iphone launched ?
i have an iphone . i have an android . i have an android .
i have not . i have an android . i have an android .
i have an iphone . i have an android .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if it was a good thing or not , i do nt know why they do nt have an iphone anymore
i have an iphone . i have an android .
i have an iphone , i have an android , i have an android , i have an android
i have an iphone . i have an android .
i have not . i have an android . i have an android .
i have not , i wonder if it is worth it , i would be hungry if i bought it .
i have not but i would like to check it out . i would love to check out some clothes from the airport
i would be so hungry if i could afford it .
i would have to check it out , i wonder if it was worth it , i wonder if it was worth the price of clothing
i think it 's funny that pilgrims only wore black for special occasions .
i love linkin park . i love linkin park .
i love linkin park . i love pink floyd .
i do n't know , i do n't think it 's true .
i think it is , i wonder if it is still on the radio , i wonder if it is still on the radio
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is still on the radio
i wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts in latin ?
i do nt know , i do nt know , i do nt know , i do nt know , i do nt know about the radio ,
i do nt know , i wonder if they have a good segment of them , there is a free site with thousands of free radio dramas
i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms
i wonder if they have a radio station that plays 40 % of the music on the radio
i think that would be a good idea .
i wonder if they have a bunch of free radio dramas .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have any good radio dramas .
i do nt know , i do nt know if i can find it online .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a good sound .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a lot of data in them .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms on the am radio .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a lot of data in them .
yeah , i think it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone .
yeah it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
yeah , it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone .
have a good one
you too !
i do n't know much about the bible . i know that it is the highest selling book of all time .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great way to learn the bible .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if jefferson swore on the bible ?
yeah , i wonder if he swore on the bible .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if it was a translation or not .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that the bible is the best selling book of all time .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is interesting that thomas jefferson created his own version of the bible , cutting out the miracles and the resurrection .
i wonder if they swore on the constitution or if they were adams or roosevelt .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they swore on the constitution or if they were religious ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies .
i think it is the etemenanki in iraq .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that the bible is a great source of information .
i agree . i think it is interesting that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies .
i agree . on another topic , do you know much about the bible ?
i wonder if that is true , or if it was a bible or a religion or a religion .
you too !
you too !
bye
i 'm doing well . did you know the president 's guest house is bigger than the white house ?
i do n't know , but i know jfk , washington and jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he 's any good .
i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
i wonder if he is any good ?
i wonder if the president of indonesia has ever stayed in the guest house .
i have not . i wonder if it would be a good idea .
i have not . i have been to a few times . i have been to a few times .
i love dogs . i love dogs . i love dogs .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that dogs can be trained to be domesticated .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that dogs are not color blind but they just see less colors than we do .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles .
i agree . dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i agree . i think it 's funny that google prefers dogs to cats .
yeah , i think that is true . i wonder if they can see colors .
i agree . i think dogs are not color blind but they just see less colors than we do .
i agree . i think it 's great that dogs are not colorblind .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that trump is not in the top three wealthiest presidents in the us .
yeah , i think he was a very wealthy man .
yeah , i think it was jfk , washington and jefferson .
i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i think that is a good point . i wonder if the president of indonesia has ever released 3 pop albums while in office .
i think that is a good point , i wonder if the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's a taller person .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good idea . i wonder if they have a lottery system like the ancient athens did in athens where they thought elections would lead to an oligarchy .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea to be honest .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's sad that voter turnout has n't reached 63 % in the last 100 years .
i think that is a good idea . i think that the electoral college should be more important .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that nevada is the only state to have a " none of these candidates " voting option for presidential elections .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that nevada is the only state to have a " none of these candidates " voting option for presidential elections .
i think that is a good idea , i think it is a great idea , i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter storms on the radio
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a radio station that picks up jupiter 's radio storms on jupiter ?
i think it 's a great sound , i wonder if they have a good sound .
i have not but i hear they play a lot of canadian music in canada , i wonder if they have a law that requires all radio stations to play 40 % canadian music
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that there 's a finnish radio station that broadcasts news in latin .
i do n't really have a favorite team . i do n't know if i would like to see a woman play in the nfl though .
i do n't know much about football . i do know that in the 60 's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder how much bowlers made back in the 1960s
i think it 's interesting that new orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player .
i think it 's interesting that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies . that is a lot of money !
i think that is a great idea ! i wonder if they have read the bible in the bible as well .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that students in the us were required to read the bible as part of their elementary education .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that students in the us were required to read the bible as part of their elementary education .
i agree . i think it is a great book .
i agree . i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the bible is the same as the bible .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is still around today .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is interesting that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies .
i did nt know that , i wonder why that is , i wonder why it is called the bible , its a fun fact i wonder why it is the best selling book of all time
i think that is a good idea , i wonder if they swore on the constitution or if they were religious or not
i think it is a good idea . i wonder if they swore on the constitution .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they swore on the constitution or if they were religious ?
i think they are the only ones who did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the bible is the same as the bible .
same here , have a good one !
you too !
i do n't have a kindle . i do n't have a kindle .
i do n't know much about amazon . i do know that amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays .
i do n't think i 've ever seen it before . i do n't think i 've ever seen it .
i think he is a great guy . i think he is a great guy .
i agree . i think he has a lot of money .
i know right ! i wish i had a building named after me !
i did n't know that . i wonder if he will be in the sequel .
i 'm sure it 's worth it . i did n't know that amazon owns imdb .
i do n't like horror movies . i do n't like the horror movies . i do n't like the horror genre .
i know right ! i think she 's the highest paid celebrity .
i do n't think i 've seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think it 's crazy how much judge judy makes per episode .
i think i 've heard that before . i think it 's a great show .
i have not seen that episode . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i have not . i have not seen it . is it good ?
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have seen a lot of it .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a pokemon marathon ?
i know , i never got into pokemon , but i did know that there are 750 episodes of pokemon !
i wonder if he ever got any royalties or something .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
you too !
i do like them . do you know how they turned down a billion dollars ?
i do like concerts . i have been to a few concerts in my life .
i love dogs ! i love dogs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i would love to see pink floyd in pompeii with no audience . pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i wonder if they ever played in the recording of the band . i wonder if they were any good ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a very good experience .
i do like concerts . i love concerts . i love concerts . i love concerts .
i love queen . queen 's guitarist brian may has a phd in astrophysics .
i have not . i wonder if he has a guitar that is still in use ?
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i know that you can burn 180 calories watching them .
i do n't know if i could watch it . i do n't like horror movies . i do like horror movies . i like horror movies .
i think i 've seen the movie before . i 've seen the majority of creepy noises in sci fi movies .
i do n't know , but i do like the movie inception . it was originally supposed to be a horror movie .
i would love to see that . i wonder if it 's a horror film ?
i love concerts . i love going to concerts . i love going to concerts . i love going to concerts . i love going to concerts .
i think that is a great album . i think it 's cool that linkin park played 324 concerts in one year .
i love the old school horror movies . i love the old stuff . i love the old stuff from the 70 's and 80 's .
i have not seen that one . i have n't seen it . i know the ramones toured for 20 years .
i have not . i have been to a concert recently . i have n't been to one in a while .
i know , right ? i wonder if the ramones ever played in the ramones ?
i 'm sure he was . i wonder if he was a fan of his music ?
i have not . i have been to a concert recently .
i know ! i love concerts ! i love concerts ! i love going to concerts !
you too !
i am a fan of sports .
i love them . i love them . did you know there are no snakes in new zealand ?
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i love them . i love them . i love them .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i do n't know if i have ever been to new zealand , i do n't think i 've ever been to new zealand , they have a lot of weird creatures
i do n't know if i have ever heard any of them . i do know that pink floyd recorded a new album in an empty stadium .
i do n't have a favorite album , but i do like pink floyd , i think they are really good , what about you ?
i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i love pink floyd , i think they are the most popular group in the country
i do n't know , but i know that ricky gervais was a pop singer in the 80 's .
i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i wonder if it was any good ?
i think it 's interesting that pop music has been around since the 80 's .
i 'm not sure . i do n't think i 've ever read the terms of service .
i agree . i think it 's funny that we have a pop song that is the catchiest pop song of all time .
i think it 's funny that scientists have voted " we are the champions " as the catchiest pop song of all time
i think he is a great performer . he has a great voice .
i think that is a great album . i think it 's cool that the foo fighters played a concert that was so loud .
i do nt know , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i have not . i have n't heard of it . i know that nwa 's straight outta compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
you too !
you too , have a good one !
i do ! i love netflix !
i do ! i love netflix !
i agree . i think it 's funny that blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $ 50 million .
i 'm sure they are kicking themselves for not buying netflix .
i have not seen it yet , but i have seen it . i have seen it , it 's pretty good .
i have not seen it , but i heard it is really good .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know that netflix has 137 million total subscribers worldwide .
yeah , i think that was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think its great that netflix was started because of a late fee , i think its a great movie , its been great chatting with you as well .
i know right ! i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix for $ 50 million .
i 'm not sure , but i know i 'm addicted to the internet .
i agree . netflix has almost 150 movies with a 100 % rating on rotten tomatoes .
i agree . i 'm surprised that netflix accounts for 33 % of all bandwidth in north america .
i agree . netflix has grown so much . they even have a dvd 's in their own movie .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a good service , there is 3 g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt . everest
i know right ! i wonder if they have a satellite or something like that .
i do n't know if i have ever seen it . i know i have a lot of friends who have been there .
i know right ! i wonder if you can get a selfie on the internet ?
i think i have heard that before , i think i have that addiction , i think i have that addiction .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the internet ?
i 'm sure they do ! i 'm sure they do n't read the terms when buying a product or service on the internet . only 7 % of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
i wonder if he ever went through 4 pairs of shoes a week .
i know , i wonder if they are able to dance to music or if they are good .
i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i wonder if tupac danced ballet in high school .
i think he was a great rapper . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
i think he was a great rapper . i think he had a great sense of humor .
i think he was a great rapper . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
i like some rap . i like the old school rap .
i think he was a great rapper . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he has a lot of good songs .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he is a great rapper .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he has a great voice .
i think rap is a very popular genre of poetry .
i think he was a great rapper . he wanted to be a comic book artist .
i think he would have been a good rapper .
i think he was a great rapper . i think he was a great writer .
i think it 's funny that korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called " compliment battle " .
i have not . i think it 's a great style of rap .
i like country music . i like country music . i like country music . i like country music .
i like country music . i like country music . i like country music .
i think it is a great instrument , i like the guitar , it is a classic instrument that is used in country music
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of basketball ?
i 'm doing great ! how are you ? do you like dogs ?
i do n't have one . i do n't have one . i do know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing .
i have a dog . i have a dog . i have a dog .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have blood drives for dogs .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have vending machines for dogs in istanbul ?
i think that is a great idea . i think that is a great idea .
i did n't know that . i wonder if that 's why google prefers dogs to cats ?
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's cool that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives .
i think that is a great idea . i think that dogs are color blind but they can see colors .
i did not know that . i wonder why they do n't see as many colors as we do .
i think they are color blind , but they can see colors .
i think it 's because there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i do nt know , i do nt like the show , i like to watch tv , i like to watch tv shows like the 70 's show , i like to watch tv and movies
i do nt watch much tv . i do nt have cable . i do nt have cable .
i do n't watch much tv . i do n't watch much tv . i do like south park .
i love the simpsons . there is an episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i love the simpsons . there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think that is a great show , i wonder if there are more episodes of pokemon than there are
i have not seen that one . i wonder if it was on netflix ?
i 'm doing great ! do you watch tv ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the 70 's show was remade verbatim in the uk but it was cancelled after 10 episodes .
i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car . i do n't have a car .
i love the simpsons , i love the show , i love the 70 's show , i also like the 70 's show , i also like the 70 's show , i think it 's really cool that they tried to remake it in the uk
i did not know that . i do n't think i 've seen that show .
i love the simpsons . there is an episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i have not seen that one , but i have seen it , it is really good .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it 's because of the episode where they made fun of family guy ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the simpsons crew sent flowers to the south park creators .
i think it 's crazy that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon !
i know , that is a lot of pokemon !
i think i 've seen all of those episodes , i think i 've seen all of them , i think they 're pretty decent .
i think i 've seen that one before . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine !
i think i have seen all of them , i think they have a lot of episodes , i think they have a lot of thomas the tank engine , there are over 750 episodes of it
i do n't know , i do know a lot about him , i know he was a great comedian
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was a great player .
i am a fan of the patriots , i am a fan of the patriots , what about you ?
i 'm a fan of the patriots , i 'm a fan of the new orleans saints , they have a rule that prohibits " the cheerleaders from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player . "
i think that is a very silly rule . i wonder if that is the reason why they have to leave if they are already eating and leave .
you too !
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i do n't think i 've ever heard of that promotion before . i do n't think i 've ever heard of it .
i did . i did n't realize it was that many people were on facebook . i wonder if it was a free whopper .
i did n't know that . i wonder why facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i 'm sure they regret that decision . i wonder if myspace regrets not buying facebook when they had the chance to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005
i think it 's crazy that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $ 75 million in 2005
i 'm sure they regret that decision . i wonder if they are kicking themselves for not buying facebook when it was launched .
i think it would be a great idea . i would have taken a few years ago .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if it 's a good thing or not . i do n't know if it 's a good thing or not .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that iceland is using facebook to rewrite their constitution .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a facebook page for that ?
i do n't watch youtube . i do n't have cable but i do use it a lot .
i do n't know if i have ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know that psy 's gangnam style got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits .
i think it 's because of the song " baby " , it 's the most disliked video on youtube .
i 'm not sure . i do know that police have their own youtube called bluetube .
i have not read the bible . i have read a lot of books .
i wonder if it was a translation or not .
i think it was the 4th most successful book in the history of the bible .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good thing that we do n't have to read the bible as religion .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that the bible was estimated at over 5 billion dollars .
i think he cut out the parts of the bible .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the grateful dead ?
i think that was a great idea . i wonder if it was a good thing or not .
i think it was teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams .
i wonder if the bible is based on a real building in iraq
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was a result of the bible .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a facebook page .
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that facebook is blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great way to keep the eye eye eye from the platform .
i did not know that . i wonder why it is illegal in schleswig - holstein .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i have not but i hear there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
i think it is interesting that carl sagan used to be a consultant for the planetary society .
i think i have heard that before . i think it 's fascinating that jupiter 's storms can be picked up by an am radio .
i think he was a great comedian .
i think he was a great player , he was a great student and also a great student , he also had a phd in physics
i think he was a very intelligent man .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he also studied physics in physics
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the town of saadat shahr in iran is doing a special special on the town town town .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great way to go to the community .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the ancient babylonians were able to track planets with mathematical precision .
i 'm sure they do ! i wonder if they have a reason for that ?
i think that is very interesting .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the town of saadat shahr in iran is nicknamed the " astronomy " because of their location .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that canadian law requires 40 % of the music played to be canadian .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that canadian law requires 40 % of the music played be canadian .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a waste of money .
i would love to see that . i would be so upset if i had to go to a place like that .
you too !
i did n't know that . i wonder if trump is in the top three wealthiest presidents ?
i 'm sure he 's not on that list . i wonder if he 's on the list of the top three wealthiest presidents in american history
i think he is , i think he is the most wealthy presidents of the past 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote
i wonder if he has any good songs ?
i think he should do that . the last president to speak a foreign language was fdr .
i wonder if president banana of zimbabwe has a president like the president of zimbabwe ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the president of indonesia has ever released a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea for the president to be the runner up in the presidential election .
i think that is a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i wonder if the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house ?
i wonder if they have solar panels in the white house ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's a private residence in the us ?
i wonder if they still use floppy disks for storing files ?
i wonder if they have a floppy disk or a floppy disk ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of data in the white house .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the white house still uses floppy discs ?
i wonder if teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if he was a conservationist or not , i wonder if he was a conservationist
i agree . i think it 's a very interesting tradition .
i do n't have one either . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i have n't , i do n't think i 've seen it , but i heard it was a great movie .
i have not , i have n't seen it but i know it accounts for 33 % of all bandwidth in north america
ya i think it was a vhs movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie though
ya i think that was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i wonder if he was upset about it
ya i think that was a bad move , i do n't know how that would work , i guess blockbuster did n't have the chance to buy netflix back in the day
ya i think that was a bad move , i do n't know how they could have bought it though , i guess they could have bought it for 50 million dollars
ya i think that is crazy , i wonder if blockbuster regrets not buying netflix back in the day
yeah , i think they are still around . do you use google maps ?
i know right , i bet blockbuster regrets not buying netflix back in the day
i agree , i think google is a great company , they are a great company , they are a great company , do you use google maps ?
i do n't know , i do know that google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road
i think it 's crazy that when google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 , it took 40 % of web traffic with it
ya i think that is crazy , i wonder how they calculate traffic , i guess they calculate traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road
that is a good point , i wonder how many people rely on google maps , i guess they are a lot more than people
yeah , i guess that is why google is a huge company , do you know what the founders are ?
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they can do that , i wonder if they can also be trained like dogs to bark like dogs
i think that s a great idea , i think its a great thing we have a dog and a great meal , you know that sharks can rescue sailors and they are nt intelligent
i did nt know that , that s a crazy fact , i wonder if they have a rib that makes them lose their own weight ,
i wonder if they are able to bark like dogs do
haha that is funny , i wonder if they can bark like dogs do that , i wonder if they can bark like dogs
i do n't really watch sports . i do n't really watch sports . i do n't really watch much tv . i do n't really watch the news .
i like the patriots , i think they are the best team , they are my favorite team , what about you ?
i like the cowboys . i think it 's funny that matt patricia is a coach in the nfl .
i like the patriots , i think they are the best team in the league , they are the best team in the league
i like the patriots , they are my favorite team , what about you ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl has tracking chips in players shoulder pads and in the football .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the high school stadium in allen texas seats 18,000 people and cost 60 million to build .
i think it 's because of the movement of the game , but i 'm not sure .
i know right , that is a lot of time wasted time , i wonder how much money the high school stadium cost
i think it is because of the yellow line . i think it is because of the yellow line .
i think it is a high school stadium in texas , it cost 60 million to build
wow that is a lot of money . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
i do not know that but i know that matt patricia is a coach in the nfl
i think it is a calming color . i think it is funny that the university of iowa 's locker room is painted pink .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that is really cool , i wonder if they have that data to make the game safer
i think it 's crazy that the first nfl playoff game was played on an 80 yard long dirt field inside chicago stadium .
i think it would be interesting to see a female kicker in the nfl , i think it would be cool if they met the requirements
yeah they are tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and in the football to track velocity , rotation , ball speed and location .
bye
i love traveling ! i love traveling !
i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
yeah , i bet he was really good . i would love to travel around japan .
i would love to travel around japan . i would love to travel to japan .
yeah , i would like to travel to iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i would love to visit mackinac island , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi , mi banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i think that would be a great idea . i would love to travel to mackinac island .
yeah i think that is a great idea , i would like to go to mackinac island where there are no cars or horses .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a fantasy league .
i 'm not sure , but i do know there is a fantasy congress league .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have fantasy congress league like the fantasy congress league .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is as good as the fantasy congress league .
i wonder if that is true ? i wonder if it 's because of the fact that terry pratchett was knighted for his services to literature .
i think he was a great writer . he was a great writer .
i wonder if he was a fan of the movie the movie the movie manuscript ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the show pokemon ?
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really good .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen the family guy episode though .
i like south park , family guy , and the simpsons .
you too !
i love listening to the radio . i love listening to the radio .
i do nt listen to the radio much anymore , i used to listen to the radio a lot , there s a site with thousands of free radio dramas
i do nt listen to the radio much anymore , i do nt listen to the radio much anymore , there s a radio station that translates solar activity into sound
i do n't listen to the radio much these days . i do listen to the radio a lot .
i have not . i do n't like the show . i do like the simpsons though .
i have not , i wonder if he ever got to be on the radio , i wonder if he ever got any of the radio storms from jupiter
i think he was a great performer , he was a great performer , i think he was a great performer , he was a great performer
i think i have heard of that before , i think it was a great show , i think it was a great movie , i think it was really good
i think i have read that before , i wonder if bill murray ever played the voice of the human torch in the 70 's
i do nt know , i do nt know who he is , i do nt know who he is
i do nt know , i guess he is a great actor , he is a great actor , i like him a lot ,
i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great actor
yeah , i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor , i think he was a great actor
i did nt know that , i wonder if it was any good ?
i did nt know that , i wonder if bill murray ever played the voice of the human torch in the 70 's
yeah they did and then opened for themselves in 1987
yeah i think that is a great idea , i wonder if there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound
i agree . i think it 's funny that bill murray voiced the human torch in the 70s
i like country music , i like country music , i like country music , what about you ?
i like some of it , i like it a lot , it is a nice instrument , you know henry ford helped finance country music
i do nt know , i do nt know why he is nt dead , do you like country music ?
i do n't know the answer but i do know that the fender stratocaster was built for a guitar
i love the guitar , i like the guitar , it is a classic instrument that is used in country music
i think it is a great guitar , i like the guitar , it is a classic
i think it was a great guitar , i wonder if it was any good ?
i agree . i think it 's a great instrument .
you too , have a good one
i do n't use it much , but i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't use it much anymore , i do n't use it much anymore , i do n't use it anymore , i do n't use it as much as i used to though
i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't use facebook . i do n't use it much anymore . i do know that facebook is blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it much anymore .
i 'm sure they regret that decision . i wonder if myspace regrets not buying facebook for only 75 million dollars in 2005
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a facebook account ?
i did , i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a facebook account ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a facebook page ?
i think it 's because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are allowed to do that ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are allowed to do that ?
i did n't know that . i wonder why facebook is blue ?
i do n't know , why ?
i do n't know , i do know that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
i do n't know , i do n't know why it is blue .
i do n't know , i do know that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
that is crazy , i wonder how much power it has
i have an iphone and i have an iphone . i have an android .
you too !
i do like him , i think he is the richest superhero , he is the richest superhero
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really like the marvel movies .
i did n't know that . i did know that the actor who voices jarvis in the avengers and avengers series never appeared in the avengers .
i think it was the best movie ever . i think it was really good .
i think it 's cool that lou ferrigno has been in the new avengers : age of ultron .
i like the marvel comics . i like the marvel comics .
i think he is the richest superhero .
i did not know that . i did know that the black panther is the richest superhero .
i think he is the richest superhero .
i think he is the richest superhero , he is the richest superhero
i have not . i do n't know if i 've ever heard of it . i know that the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it ever burns .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen a hamburger button before , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've ever heard of it .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . the internet is a very useful tool and we can not even know what we are doing .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that only 7 % of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet .
yes , i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i 'm also addicted to clicking links on the internet .
i did not know that . i wonder how myspace feels about that .
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if they have a facebook account in germany where the like button is illegal .
i do n't know , but i do know that they are illegal in schleswig - holstein .
i did n't know that . i wonder if myspace regrets not acquiring fb
i do n't know what you mean . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a free whopper .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the like button is illegal in schleswig - holstein .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that he was colorblind .
i did n't know that . i wonder why facebook is blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are using facebook to rewrite their constitution .
i think it 's because zuckerberg is red green colorblind .
i do n't watch it much . i do n't have cable but i do watch it .
i do nt have a landline , but i do nt have one , i used a rotary phone , i used a rotary phone , i used a rotary phone , i used a rotary phone , i used a rotary phone , i still have a landline , i still have a landline , i still have a landline , i still have a landline , i still have a landline , i still have a landline , i still new one
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i do n't know if i 've seen it . i do n't know if i 've seen it . i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know , i do n't have a facebook account , but i do n't use it as much as i used to . i do n't use it much anymore .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because there is only one left handed qb in the nfl
i think it is because of the fact that there is only one left handed qb in the nfl .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the cowboys have a rb named adrian peterson who is the only non - human player to do so .
i have not . i have heard of it . i have n't heard of it .
i have not . i have n't heard of him . what do you think ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a lot of money .
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think it was a great idea . i think it was back in 1916 .
i think that would be a very different game .
i have not . what is it ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that tom brady never started his high school football team .
i think he is a great qb . he is a great qb .
i think he 's a great player . he 's been in the league for a while .
i think he is a great player .
yeah , he 's a great player . he 's been in the league for a while .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great sport .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think they are using them to track velocity and rotation and such .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl has tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and inside footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed and location .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl has tracking chips in the shoulder pads and inside the footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed and location .
i do . i love cars .
yes , soldiers were not allowed to leave their cars in their fatigues .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's crazy that flamethrowers are legal in south africa .
i think it was because soldiers were not allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues .
i think it is a great idea . i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i do n't know , i do know that cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit
yes it was named after french explorer de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit
yes after the founder of detroit , de la mothe cadillac
i do n't know , but i know it was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
yeah . do you know why the planet venus does not tilt ?
yeah it was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit
yes it is actually because it is the only planet that rotates clockwise
yeah . do you know how ganymede would be able to be a planet if it orbited the sun ?
i 'm not sure . i know there is a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree fahrenheit weather
yeah that is crazy . there is a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph
i think it 's crazy that uranus rolls around the sun instead of spinning on its side .
i think it 's a planet that has a lot of life .
i 'm not sure . i know astronomers detected building blocks of life 455 light years away .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if we 'll ever see a planet that has life 455 light years away
i think that is a good idea . i think it would be a good idea to be able to do that .
i think he is a great president , he is a great president , he is a great president , what about you ?
i think he is a great president , he is a great politician , he is a great politician , he can always be a hero and not just the other two
yeah that is true . in guatemala relatives of the president can not run for president
yeah , i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i agree . i think it 's a shame that the country is not the most wealthy .
yeah , i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president .
yeah , i think he is a great president .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration .
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i agree , i think we should have a president like that , we have a president that has a phd , that s a great fact
i think that would be a good idea , i think we should go back to the old days before 1805
yeah , i think that would be a good idea , i wonder if they would have a lot of drama in the white house , or if it was just a tradition .
i think it would be a good idea , i think it would be a good idea , i wonder if trump is on that list
i think that would be a good idea , i would nt be able to watch it , i would nt be able to handle it ,
i think that is a great idea , i think he should do a good job , he is a great president , he is a great president , his a great president
i would love to see a president banana like the president of zimbabwe
i think it was president banana , i wonder if he was a president
i wonder if that is his real name or if he was a president or a president ?
i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much . i do n't use it much .
i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it much anymore .
i do n't use it much anymore . i do n't use it as much as i used to .
i think it 's crazy that facebook is worth $ 104 billion dollars in 2012
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that facebook 's " like " button is illegal in schleswig - holstein .
i think that is a good point . i wonder if they are allowed to do that in the german state of schleswig - holstein .
i do n't think i 've ever heard of that promotion before . i do n't think i 've ever heard of it .
i do n't know , i do n't know why it is blue . i do know that facebook is blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i did nt know that , i wonder why facebook is blue , i wonder why they did nt have a problem with that
i did not know that . i wonder why facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i think he is a great ceo , he has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays
i did n't know that . i wonder why they did that ?
i do n't know why he did that . i do know that he built a clock in a mountain that should run for 10,000 years .
i wonder if he ever bought a clock in a mountain ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they are going to do that .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if anyone can do that .
i wonder why they did that . i wonder why they did that .
i think that would be a good idea . i would have to agree with you on that .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a facebook account for that .
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the mass of the sun ?
you too !
you too !
bye
i love jazz . i love jazz . i love jazz .
i love clint eastwood . he is a lifelong jazz enthusiast , pianist , and scored several films including million dollar baby .
i do n't know much about jazz . i do know that there is a jazz orchestra that is topping the charts .
i think jazz is a great instrument . i think it is cool that pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is topping the charts .
yeah , i think he is a great jazz fan .
yeah , he is a pianist . he is a pianist of a lifelong jazz enthusiast .
i do n't know , but i do know a harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every sunday for 20 years
i think it is , i think it is a great instrument , you know there is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition , and functional programs are jazz - like harmonies
i think it would be interesting to listen to . i think it would be cool to listen to jazz .
i think jazz is a great genre . i think it is cool that the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat .
i do nt know , i do nt know , i do nt know much about jazz , i know that the origins of the term originated in the west african american communities in the west african culture
i do n't know , i do know that they were worn at parties to encourage foolish behavior .
i think it 's funny that the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat , not the cowboy hat
i think that is a great hat . i think it 's funny that the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat .
i think it would be a fun hat if i had a hat . i would have to wear a hat if i had to wear a hat .
i think it 's funny that in 1908 , a law was passed limiting the length of hatpins .
i think that s a great law , i wonder if they have to worry about the law that supports law enforcement officers
i think it 's funny that until 1998 british politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons .
you too !
you too !
i have not but i have heard of it . i have not read it .
i have not read it but i have heard it is a book .
i have not but i hear it is a very popular book .
i have not . i have heard of it . is it good ?
i have not read it but i have heard it is a book about the tb12 method .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player and also really committed to his teammates
i have not . i have not read it .
i like the patriots , i like the new england patriots , what about you ?
i like the patriots , i think they are the best team in the league , they are the best team in the league
i like the cowboys . i 'm a fan of the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i think that was a great game , i think it was back in 1916 , i think it was a long time ago
i think that was the highest scoring game ever .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink .
i think it is a calming color , i think it is funny that the university of iowa 's locker room is painted pink
i think it 's funny that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i think it would be a calming color . i wonder if it works or if it was just a calming color .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
yeah , i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
yeah , i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the cheerleaders have to leave if a player enters .
i agree . it was nice chatting with you .
i 'm doing well . are you interested in politics ?
i am not sure . i do n't know much about it .
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of trump ?
i 'm not sure . i think he was a democrat .
i have not . what is it about ?
i think he 's a very wealthy man .
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest .
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest .
i think he 's a very wealthy man . i think he 's a very wealthy man .
i think that would be a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think he is a good example of what he is doing .
i think he is a good example of what he is doing .
i think he is a great president . i think he is a great president .
i think he is a great president . i think he is a great president .
i think it would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter .
i think that is a good idea . i think that is a good idea .
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if they still vote for the uk not all men in the uk until 1918
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was upset about it .
i love linkin park . they had 324 concerts in one year .
i would love to go to a concert in an ancient roman amphitheatre .
i think they were really good . i think they had a lot of concerts . i wonder if they were playing in the amphitheater in pompeii .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they did n't have a good concert . i wonder if they played in the ramones ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they ever played in the ramones . they toured almost non stop for over 20 years .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they ever played in the ramones .
i wonder if they ever played in the amphitheater in pompeii with no audience
i would love to go to a pink floyd concert . pink floyd recorded a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i wonder if pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i think that was a great band . i think it was in 2002 .
yeah i think that was really bad , i wonder if they were really bad back then .
i think that was a great show . i think it was a great show .
i think that is a great show . i think it 's funny that the show was so bad .
i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it was a great show . i think it was a great show .
i think that is a lot of episodes . i wonder if there is an episode of the simpsons where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
yeah , i think it is . there is an episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
i wonder if that is still true , i wonder if it was due to the success of the show ,
i think that is so cool . there is an episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever had a bunch of eggs .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they are any good ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any good prizes or something ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the penguins of madagascar was named after french explorer who died in 2008 .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that dogs can be trained to be trained like dogs to chase the eggs of their opponents .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the penguins of madagascar was a movie about dogs .
i think that is a great idea , i think its great that the penguins of madagascar had a great sense of humor , i wonder if they are any good
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if they have a white patch on their forehead , i wonder if they have a white patch on their heads
i did n't know that . i wonder if the animals in the ocean have a white patch on their foreheads
i wonder if they are still alive , there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal
i wonder if there is a lawyer in switzerland who represents animals in court
i wonder if animals have constitutional rights in germany
i wonder if animals have similar rights like animals in europe or animals .
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if the animals in germany have similar rights
that is a cool fact . i wonder if he ever wrote a koi fish .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever wrote about it .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a koi fish .
i would love to have a koi fish . i wonder if it is still around
i wonder if it was a koi fish , i wonder if it was a koi fish
i wonder if they have a koi fish that lived for 226 years
i have a fish that is a goldfish , i have a goldfish , i have a goldfish , i have a koi fish , what about you ?
i love traveling . i love to travel . i love to travel .
i would love to travel to iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i would love to travel to iceland . i would love to visit iceland .
i would love to visit mackinac island . they have no cars there .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i would love to visit mackinac island , mi . they banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the tolls ?
i would love to travel to mackinac island . they banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i have not been to japan but i have been to japan and i have been there a few times .
i have not been but i have been there before . i would love to travel to japan .
i have not been but i have been there before . i have been to vegas and i have been there .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that psy 's gangnam style got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits .
i 'm not sure . i do know that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i 'm sure it is . i wonder if it is still around ?
i 'm not sure . i know that netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i think it 's crazy that youtube was started in the 19th century
i think he was a great writer . i think he was a great writer .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was in the movie flubber ?
i do n't have a particular channel . i do n't have a particular channel .
i love watching youtube . i love watching videos on there .
i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do know that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i have not seen that one . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think it 's crazy that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube .
i think it 's a great idea . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen it .
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's because of the law enforcement videos .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that flamethrowers are legal in south africa .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i think i 've heard that before . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen it . i know that mcdonalds ' added drive - thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they were trying to get a crime to the students ?
i think that is so cool . i wonder if they have a trunk on the back of the car ?
i think it was named after french explorer de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i think it 's interesting that the trunk of a car is called a trunk because older cars used to be used to be used to be used to be used in the old days .
i do like horses . i have a horse . i have a horse .
i did not know that . i wonder if the horses in the wild have a dalmatian .
i think he was in the movie the movie groundhog day .
i think it 's funny that the police sent a spacecraft to the ground .
i think it was the first time she was in the justice league .
i think she was a woman , but i think she was a great performer .
yeah , i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the us senate has a law that prohibits " none of the above " .
i think she was arrested for the police .
i think she 's a very good person . i think she 's a very smart person .
i think she was , but i think she was a woman , i think she was a great performer , i think she had a lot of influence , i think she had a lot of problems , i think she was a great woman
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that the director of the movie was the director of the movie .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the director was not asked to ask her .
i think she is a great performer , i think she is a great performer , she has a great voice
i think that the suspect was the suspect . the suspect the problem is that the police are not the only ones who have been arrested for the police .
i agree . i think it 's interesting that the lion king was the first disney film to be dubbed into zulu .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i know that the lion king was the first disney film to be dubbed into zulu for its african release .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if she 's the first female director of the film that was dubbed in zulu .
i think it 's a great movie . i 'm not sure if it 's true . i 'm sure it 's a very stressful movie .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's cool that frozen was the first disney film directed by a woman .
i know right ! i wonder if the space shuttle 's computer runs on only 1 mb of ram !
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a computer that ran on water ?
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's effective or not .
i do too . i love it . i love it .
i do n't know much about it . i do know that jeff built a clock in a mountain that should run for 10,000 years .
yeah , i wonder if he ever ordered it .
yeah , i wonder if he ever bought it .
yeah , i heard he spent $ 30 and got a building named after him
yeah i guess it was for the customer , i wonder if it was a good deal
i do n't know . i do know that amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays .
i 'm not sure . i know that amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day !
i have not but i hear their workers walk up to 15 miles a day !
i think i have heard that before , i think it 's pretty cool that their workers walk up to 15 miles a day !
i do n't know , i do n't know if i have ever bought it , i did n't know that amazon owns imdb , i wonder if it 's because they have owned it since 1998
i have no idea . i wonder if they have any good cars .
i do n't know , but i know that cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i do n't know , but i know that cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit .
i do n't know , but i know it was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit
i think he was a great player , he became a professional car driver by beating 90 000 people in gran turismo
haha that is a good point , i wonder if they have a car theft problem there , do you know why the trunk of the car is called a trunk ?
i think it was because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if it 's because soldiers were n't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues .
haha that would be a good idea , i would love to travel around the world like the first king to travel around the world
i agree . i think it 's interesting that astronauts can vote from space .
i agree . i think it 's sad that voter turnout has n't reached 63 % in the last 100 years .
i agree . i think it 's sad that 34 % of black men in alabama have lost the right to vote .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that astronauts can vote from space .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a good reason to vote , 34 % of the black male population in alabama has permanently lost the right to vote
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that in athens officials were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to an oligarchy .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the beatles did a song for the 1969 california governor campaign .
i think that was the best album of all time . i think it was in 1960 .
i think it was in 1934 , they seceded from the us in 1934
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they were good back then .
i think it was in texas , they were the second largest in the nation
i think it was in texas , and i think it was before the civil war
i think that is a great way to make it work . i think it 's interesting that texas elected their first female governor before some states even ratified the 19th amendment .
i think it is a great way to get people to work together .
i do n't know , i do n't know if it is true or not .
i think it is a shame that the citizens of austin voted to rename their garbage dump after fred durst
i think that is a very strange name . i wonder if it was because of felonies ?
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the taller candidate has won the election 75 % of the time .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the taller candidate has won the election .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the taller candidate has won the election .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i agree . did you know the green lantern film was originally going to be a comedy starring jack black ?
i agree . i think it would have been a better movie than the green lantern film .
i think he was in the show groundhog day .
i agree . do you like comedy ?
i agree . i think he is a great actor .
i agree . i think it 's funny that bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy " .
yeah , i think it 's funny that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989
yeah , i think it 's funny that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i think that is a great show .
yeah , i think that is a good example of how people are looking for things like that .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that there is a fantasy congress league that has a fantasy congress league .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have fantasy congress league like fantasy football .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have fantasy spelling bee .
i am a fan of fantasy football . i love the sport . did you know that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving fantasy and reality ?
i agree . i love fantasy movies . i love terry pratchett . he was knighted for his works .
i 'm not sure , but i do know that people fantasy draft the national spelling bee .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think he was a great writer . he was a great writer .
you too !
bye
i 'm doing great ! how are you ?
i 'm doing well ! i 'm going to have to check it out . i 'm going to have to check it out .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it 's pretty crazy that jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure it was a lot of static .
i wonder if they have any good radio dramas .
i wonder if they have a bunch of free radio dramas .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a good reason to do that .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if they have a good local artist like canada where they have to play 40 % canadian music
i do n't really have a preference . i do n't know much about politics . i know that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000 .
i do n't know much about the radio , but i do know that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's interesting that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that harry truman refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride so he would n't be associated with republicans .
i think that is a good idea , i think it 's funny that the republican party was founded in 1854
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that harry truman visited disneyland and refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride so he would n't be associated with republicans .
i agree . i think it 's funny that during ww2 a governor was a governor of ca n't even vote until carr was the only governor to oppose the internment of japanese americans during ww2
i think that is a very interesting fact .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the beatles ?
i think that was a great idea , i think it was a great campaign , did you hear about the internment of japanese americans ?
i agree , he did a great job , i think he was a great president , he was a great president and a great artist , thanks a lot
yeah same here , have a good one
i do . i think it 's interesting that the governor of england has a governor of ca n't even vote until the 19th century .
i think it 's interesting that the governor of the us did not even know that the governor was a minister until the 19th century .
i think he was a very intelligent man .
i think it 's sad that the beatles did n't do the same thing .
i think it was in california . i think it was in california .
i think he was a great president . he was a great president .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that 86 % of the land in nevada is owned by the us government .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the electoral college or if it 's not the same as the us .
i think he was a very smart man . he was a very smart man .
i think he was a great president . he was a great president .
i think it 's interesting that there has n't been a us president who was n't a republican or democrat since 1853 .
i think it 's interesting that a man in france impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower not once but twice !
i think that is a good point . i think it 's interesting that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i did not know that . i wonder if that is true ?
i think that is a very interesting fact . i wonder if he was in the next few years .
i think that is a very interesting fact . i think it 's interesting that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i think it was before trump became president .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's interesting that the red and blue colors started in the year 2000 .
i think he was a very accomplished president . i think he was a very intelligent man .
i think he would have been more upset if he did n't get a picture of a republican .
i agree . did you know that every president with a beard has been a republican ?
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of football ?
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of the nfl ?
i do n't know much about football , but i do know that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down line for american football games .
i think it was a great invention . i think it was a great invention .
yeah , i think that is a great invention . i wonder if the trunk of the car got the name because of the old cars ?
yeah , i think that would be a great addition to the game .
i did nt watch it , i did nt watch it , i did nt watch it , i did nt watch it , i did nt know about it ,
yeah , i think that is a great tradition . i think it is a great sport .
i think that would be a great idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that is a great idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i know , right ? i guess the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i think that would be a great idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think they are using tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that is a good point . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
yeah , i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
yeah , i think that is a good point . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
yeah , i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i do n't know , but i do know that the trunk of the car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back .
you too , enjoy your day !
i 'm doing well . are you a fan of the nfl ?
i am well . do you like to listen to the radio ?
i 'm not sure . i do n't think it would be very cool if they had a female player .
i am a fan of the patriots .
i am a fan of the patriots . did you know women can play too ?
i think that would be cool . i wonder if they would have women playing in the nfl .
i think that would be a great idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think it would be a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think they are using the chips in the footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed , and location .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the highest score ever was 222 - 0 .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a woman in the nfl ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a lot of training training or something .
i did not know that . i wonder if they have a woman playing in the nfl ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it will ever happen .
i think it was a calming color . i think it was a calming color .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a tactic or not ?
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team or just the other team .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team
i think it 's funny that bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
i guess bowling is more popular in the 1960s than football
i think that is crazy , i wonder how much bowlers made back then
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't know if i 've ever seen a qb play .
i wonder if that is the reason why the university of iowa painted their visitor locker room pink
i wonder if that is the reason why the nfl is so good at it
i think it is , i wonder if it is because of the offense or if it is the qb or not , do you know who alex smith is ?
i wonder if he is still alive , i wonder if he is still alive , i wonder if he is still alive
i wonder if he is any good ?
ya i do n't know , i do n't know , i guess the highest paid employees in the department of defense are football coaches , that is crazy
haha ya i think you 're right , do you like baker mayfield ? he was a great halo 3 player and apparently he was really good at halo 3
i do n't know , i do know that 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams
yeah , i think it 's crazy that he was able to beat anyone at the university of oklahoma on one on one of his college football team .
yeah , i think he is a great qb , he is a great player , he is a great qb , he is a great qb
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if the fans are upset about the stadium in texas , they have a stadium that cost 60 million to build
i did n't know that , i wonder if the patriots ever had a superbowl winning superbowl , i wonder if it was a good superbowl
i know right , i wonder if the patriots ever had a player like brad johnson who threw a touchdown pass to himself
haha ya i would like to see that , also weird that only two african american quarterbacks have won the superbowl , i wonder if that is the same thing
i did not know that . i wonder if they ever played in the high school football game ?
i do n't know , i do know that the vikings were named after the indian packing company .
i think they are a great team . i like the vikings .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he is the only one in the nfl that is left handed ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played for the patriots ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he is the only one in the nfl that is left handed ?
i do n't really watch it , but i do like game of thrones .
wow that is a lot of talisa maegyr in the game of thrones
i did not know that . i wonder if it 's because it 's a game of thrones ?
wow that is a lot of talisa maegyr in the show
i did not know that . i wonder if it is on netflix ?
i think it 's funny that daniel day lewis is the only actor to win best actor 3 times in his career .
i do nt usually watch the academy awards , but i do nt really like the show , i do nt know who won it though
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think he has been nominated for more oscars than any other actor .
i do n't know , but i do know that blazing saddles was nominated for 3 oscars , i wonder if it was any good
i do n't know , but i do know that daniel day lewis is the only actor to win best actor three times .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it . i know that eminem has more oscars than leonardo decaprio , johnny depp , will smith , george lucas , and bill murray combined .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got nominated for an oscar ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever won any awards ?
i do nt know , i do nt know if i have seen it , i do nt know if i have seen it , i do nt think i have seen it in a while though
i think it 's crazy that there are 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it was a great show , i wonder if they ever watched it ,
yeah . do you know who the three wealthiest presidents are ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because there is an episode where bart does not appear and is not mentioned
i did , i think it was a great show , i liked it , i liked it a lot , i liked it a lot as a kid
i did n't know that , i wonder if it was because there is an episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned
i think i have seen that one . i wonder if it was any good ?
you too !
i do n't know much about them . i do know that the golden state warriors have been playing in the past for a while .
i love clint eastwood ! he is a great pianist !
i think he is a great guitarist . he is a great guitarist .
i wonder if there is a jazz orchestra that is topping the charts ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's true that pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is topping the charts .
i have not . i have been to a jazz concert before .
i think jazz is a great genre . i like the jazz .
i do n't know , i do know that a professional hockey player can lose up to 8 pounds in one game !
i think they are the best team , they are the best team in the world , they are the best team in the world , they are the best team in the world
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a new team like the wnba ?
i think they are the best team in the league . i think they are the best team in the league .
i like the spurs . i think it 's funny that tim duncan stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the nba .
i like the older ones . i like the older ones . i like the older ones .
i like the chicago cubs . i think they are a great team .
i 'm a fan of the philadelphia warrior . i 'm a fan of the new york giants . i 'm a huge fan of the winter olympics .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they were . i wonder if they still have the best selling shoes of all time .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure they were paid pretty well .
i think it 's funny that the granny style is the best way to score points on the line .
i think they were , they were a great team , i think they had a great team this season , i think they had a great season this season ,
i think he has a great heart . he is a great player . he has a great voice .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
you too !
i agree . i think it 's great that tim duncan stayed in college for 4 years instead of going pro right away .
i do n't know much about him , but i do know he is a great actor .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is one of the top three wealthiest presidents in american history .
yeah , i think he is . i wonder if he is on the list of the wealthiest presidents in history ?
yeah , i wonder if he was rich or something .
i wonder if he ever visited the white house ?
i do n't know , but i know that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana .
i think he was a pop star . i wonder if he ever released any of his albums ?
i do n't know , but i do know that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana
i do n't know , maybe he has a lot of free time , he has released 3 pop albums while in office
i wonder if he ever released a pop album like the president of indonesia ?
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that there are some snakes that are afraid of snakes .
i do n't know , i do n't like snakes , but i do know there are none in ireland
i have a dog , i have a dog , what about you ?
i have not . i have been to new zealand and have n't been there .
i have not . i wonder if they are any good ?
i wonder if they are related to snakes ?
i think it 's funny that there are no snakes in new zealand !
i would love to see a lizard snake . i wonder if they have eyelids or external ears ?
you too ! enjoy your day !
you too !
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great player .
i think he 's a great leader . he 's a very good leader .
i think he 's a great leader . he 's been in the past for a while . he 's been in the past for a while .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great president .
i think he 's a very intelligent man .
i 'm not sure . i think he 's a very wealthy man .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the guest house is larger than the white house .
yeah , i wonder if it is because of the guests and the guests .
i would love to visit the guest house . i wonder if it is bigger than the white house .
i would love to visit the guest house . i wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house .
i would love to see the president of indonesia 's pop album .
i wonder if he ever got a nickname like the president of zimbabwe , he was called president banana
i wonder if he ever got a nickname like the president of zimbabwe , i wonder if he was any good
i wonder if he was a president of zimbabwe ?
haha , i wonder if he was a republican or a republican ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it 's because every president with a beard has been a republican .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that every president with a beard has been a republican .
i think he 's a republican , but i think he 's a republican .
i agree . i think it 's funny that harry truman visited disneyland and refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride so he would n't be associated with republicans .
yeah , i think it was back in 1928 .
i think that is a very interesting fact .
you too !
i do n't really have a favorite , but i do like the patriots , what about you ?
i wonder if that is the reason why they did that . i wonder if it was a tactic or a tactic or a tactic or something .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because there 's only 11 minutes of live game play .
yeah , that is a lot of time . do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
yeah , i think it was 222 - 0 .
yeah , that is true . i wonder if the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play
yeah that is pretty cool . did you hear they are placing tracking chips on the players now ?
yeah they are collecting stuff like velocity and rotation and such
yeah . do you know much about the bible ?
yeah , i guess that is why it was a different time back then .
i wonder if roosevelt and adams were the only two u.s . presidents who did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies
i wonder if roosevelt and adams were the only ones who did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies .
i wonder too . on another topic , do you know much about the bible ?
i wonder if it was a translation or something .
i wonder if the bible is the same as the bible .
i think it is the best selling book of all time .
i have no idea , i wonder if it is still around today
yeah i guess that is why it was not uncommon for students to be required to read the bible as part of their elementary education
yes , i agree . i think it 's interesting that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a bible or if it was a bible or a book .
i do , i use it a lot , i use it a lot , what about you ?
i do , i use it a lot , i used to have a myspace account , i wonder how myspace feels about that
i 'm not sure , but i know a third of divorce filings in 2011 contained the word facebook
i do n't know , i do n't know , i do n't know why it 's been around since 2004
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that facebook is valued at 104 billion dollars .
i think that is a great idea , i would be worried about that promotion , i would be worried if i had a free whopper
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if there are other options for facebook , there are 56 gender options for a male and female
i think it is because mark zuckerberg is red green colorblind
i do n't know , i do n't know why it 's blue , but i do know that facebook is blue because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if it 's because of the privacy concerns .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that facebook is worth 104 billion dollars
i wonder why that is ? i wonder why they did that .
i wonder if they are worth a lot of money now ?
i wonder if wikileaks is the same thing . wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks .
i think he was a great man . i think he should do the same thing .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that norway donated $ 1b to help save the amazon rainforest .
that is a lot of money ! i wonder if the chinese government has censored the word censorship
that is a lot of money ! i wonder if the government owns the 86 % of the land in nevada ?
i agree , i think that is a great idea , i think its great that monaco eliminated the income tax in 1869 because of the casino
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a president that spoke a foreign language .
i did n't know that . i wonder why the guest house is bigger than the white house ?
i did not know that . i wonder why the last president to speak a foreign language was fdr .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if we 'll ever see a president in the white house .
i think that would be a good idea , i would nt be able to do that , i would nt mind working at that age ,
i do n't know , i do know that the dutch are working on a bus that can travel 160 mph
i have no idea . i 'm not sure . i know that air travel is 10 % slower than it was in the 60s .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's a commuter bus that goes 160 mph ?
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit the website that you can check out a website that will let you crash on their couch while traveling .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to travel to japan and see the tolls on the highway .
i would love to travel to japan . i would love to visit japan .
i would love to visit mackinac island . they have banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i would love to travel to mackinac island . i would love to go to mackinac island where they have a woman who can bike at a concert .
i love concerts . i love going to concerts . i love going to concerts . i love going to concerts .
i do n't know . i do know that the band deep purple broke the record for loudest concert in 1972 .
i do n't know , but i know pink floyd recorded a concert in an amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if i 've seen pink floyd in concert .
i wonder if it was in the roman amphitheater in pompeii .
that is pretty cool . i wonder if they ever played there .
i bet they did , i wonder if they ever played in croatia , they played 324 concerts in one year
i do n't know much about youtube . i do know that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i do n't know if i have ever seen it . i do know that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i think that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i do n't think i 've ever seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i think it 's a good idea . i wonder if it 's because of the law enforcement videos ?
i do n't know . i do n't think it 's true that 70 's show was remade verbatim in the uk .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've ever seen the simpsons .
yeah , i think it 's a great show . i like the 70 's show .
i think it was a verbatim remake , it was a verbatim remake .
i think it was a verbatim remake , it was a verbatim remake .
i think it was canceled after 10 episodes .
i think it 's because there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it 's crazy that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i have not seen it . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think i 've seen it before . i 'm not sure if i 've seen it .
i guess that 's why i do n't like horror movies . i do n't like horror movies . i do like horror movies though .
i wonder if that 's true . i wonder if it 's because of the fear of horror movies .
i agree . have a good one !
yeah , i wonder if he swore on the constitution or if he was a fan of the bible
i wonder too . did you know roosevelt and adams did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies ?
i wonder if they are still using it for roosevelt and adams
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was a religion or something .
ya i think that is wild , i guess the bible is the best selling book of all time , i guess the bible is the best selling book of all time
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a translation or something .
i wonder if it was a translation or not . i wonder if it was a translation or something .
i wonder if the bible is based on a real building in iraq
i think it was the best selling book of all time , the bible is the best selling book of all time
i did not know that . i wonder if it is the same as the bible .
i have not . i have not seen it but i have seen it .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that robin williams started the trend of celebrities voicing characters in animated films .
i think that s a great movie , i wonder if robin williams ever got to visit the secret pixar pixar studio room
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if robin williams ever got to visit the secret room
i think she was , she was a great performer , i think she was a great performer , i think she was a great performer , i wonder if she has a lot of influence
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've seen it , but i do know a lot about it .
i do n't really watch it , but i do like the patriots , they have a player that has never fumbled the ball in his career
i agree , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great team , he is a great player , he is a great player
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the patriots won the superbowl this year .
you too !
you too , enjoy your day !
i think it 's funny that two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old .
yeah , i think it was a great album . i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour .
yeah , i think it was a great album . it was so nice chatting with you !
yeah , i wonder if they were any good .
yeah , i think it was a great album . i wonder if they were any good .
i think that is great . two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old .
i know right ! i love that album . i love pink floyd .
i 'm sure they do . i wonder if they still have dark side of oz ?
i have not . i have not heard of it . i have n't heard of it .
i have not . i have n't heard of it . i 'll have to check it out . i 'll have to check it out .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i wonder if the moon is on the moon ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's on mt everest ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the moon dust being able to cut through kevlar .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is because of the moon dust being able to cut through kevlar .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if we 'll ever have to find a way to discover life on saturn 's moon .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is because of the atmosphere .
i think it is because of the atmosphere . i think it is very interesting .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the apollo 11 landed on nasa flag instead of the us flag on the moon
i think he has a lot of free time , he has released 3 pop albums while in office
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he was an actor for the marine corps .
yeah , he is a great actor . i think he is a great performer .
yeah , i think he is a great athlete . i think he is a great athlete and a great athlete .
i agree . i think it 's funny that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana .
yeah , i think he is . i wonder if he is on the list of the wealthiest presidents in us history .
i think he 's a great president . i think he 's a very wealthy man .
yeah , i think he is a very wealthy president .
yeah , i think he 's a very wealthy president . i wonder if he 's any good at pop albums like the president of indonesia ?
i think he is , but i think he is the wealthiest .
i think he is . i think he is a great president .
i wonder if he was a president ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
yeah , i think he 's a very wealthy man .
i think he would have been the vice president if he had the vice president like the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the vice president .
i think that would be a good idea .
i would have to agree with you on that . i would have to say i 'm sure it would be a lot more !
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think that is a good idea .
i think that is a good idea .
i have not heard of her . i do know that she is a singer and a singer .
i did not know that . i wonder if she has any good music .
i have not . i do n't know if i have ever heard of cardi b .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he is a great rapper .
i think rap is a great genre of poetry .
i think rap is a very useful form of rap .
i think rap is a great genre of poetry . i think it 's interesting that the rapper tupac shakur 's music is considered to be a rap battle .
i think tupac is a great rapper . i think he is a great rapper .
yeah , i think he is a great rapper .
i do n't know . i know he wanted to be a comic book artist .
yeah , he was a great rapper . he also has a name generator .
i think that is funny . korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called a compliment battle .
that 's pretty cool . i wonder if they have any compliment battle like mcdonalds ?
i think that would be a great way to do that . i would like to hear a compliment battle .
that 's pretty cool . i wonder if they ever had any concerts like the loudest concert ever ?
i think that is a great band . i think it 's funny that linkin park played 324 concerts in one year .
i know , i wonder if they were any good ?
i wonder if they ever toured for that long .
that is a lot of concerts !
i wonder if they ever played in the amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i am a fan of the nfl , i love the nfl , what about you ?
i agree . i 'm a fan of fantasy football . i 'm a fan of fantasy football .
i think they are also putting tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think they are using the chips in the shoulder pads to track the players every move .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i agree , i think it is a great idea , i think its great how tech advances and also the players have tracking chips in their shoulder pads and the football
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think he 's a good player . i think he 's a good player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great qb .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great team , he is a great player and also a great player
i think he is a great player , he is a great qb , i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb and also a great qb
i think he is a great qb . i think he is a great qb .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he had a great career in the game
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great qb , he is a great player , he is a great player
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb , he is a great qb , he is a great qb and also a great player
yeah , i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he had a great career in the game
i agree . i think he is a great player .
you too !
i do like football . i like watching the nfl .
i think it is supposed to be some kind of tactic or something .
yeah i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on them
i think it is supposed to be some sort of tactic for the other team .
yeah , i think that is true . in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i think it is , i think it is funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink
i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and inside the footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed and location .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team . in the 1960 's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars .
i think it is funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink .
i think that is a great point . i think it is funny that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the university of iowa 's locker room for the visiting team is completely painted pink .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea for a woman to be in the nfl .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on them
yeah , i wonder if they have them in the players ' shoulder pads too
yeah they are collecting info like velocity and rotation and such
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
yeah i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on them
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the bible is the same as the bible .
i do . did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s ?
i think that is a good idea . i think it is a good idea .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite . i do like tom brady though .
i do n't really watch it , but i do like the nfl . i do n't like the nfl though .
i do n't know much about him but i know he is a great player .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever fumbled the ball ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever fumbled the ball ?
i think that is a great point , i wonder if he ever played for cumberland
i think he is a great player , he has a great record , he is a great player and also a great player , he has a great record as well
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i think that is a great idea , i think he is a great player , he has a lot of fans and fans and fans of the team
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that new orleans cheerleaders can not eat at the same restaurant as any nfl player .
i think it is called football in other countries .
i think it 's called soccer in other countries .
yes it was 222 - 0 when georgia tech beat cumberland
i know right ? do you know what the highest score in college football is ?
i think that was back in 1916 . i think it was back in 1916 .
i did not know that . i wonder how much bowlers made now .
i think that is crazy . i wonder how much bowlers made back then ?
yeah , i think that is a great invention . i think it 's funny that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
yeah that is true . did you hear about that rule for new orleans cheerleaders ?
i think that is true . i think it is because of the injuries that the players have .
yeah she scored 105 points in a game
yeah she scored 105 points in a game
yeah . do you know who reggie miller is ?
yeah . do you like tim duncan ?
yeah . do you like allen iverson ?
yes he is getting $ 800 000 per year until he is 55
yeah . do you like iverson ?
yeah . do you like the granny style shot ?
yeah . do you like the granny style shot ?
yes he is the only one without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes
yeah . do you like superheroes ?
yes i do . there is a comic series called super heroes in the us where they are collateral
yeah . do you like superheroes ?
i think i have heard of that before , i wonder if it is worth it .
i have not . is it good ?
yeah . do you like dc comics ?
yes he really likes spider man
yeah . do you like eminem ?
yes . tupac is in the library of congress for cultural significance
yes same here , have a good one
i agree . i think he wrote 15 dc comics .
i do n't know much about deadpool . i do n't know if i 've seen deadpool 2 .
i have not . i have n't seen it yet .
i have not seen it yet . i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think it 's because of the cast of jarvis , he 's the only actor to ever play the voice of the voice of the human voice in the entire universe .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i 've heard that the actor who plays jarvis in iron man and avengers : infinity wars has never seen the films .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was in the movie ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any marvel characters like the avengers : infinity stones ?
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the actor who plays jarvis in the iron man series has never seen any of the movies .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have any marvel comics like the one where sony bought the rights to all of the characters for $ 25 million .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that marvel tried to sell the rights to sony for only 25 million dollars but they only wanted spiderman for $ 10 million .
i think i 've heard that before . i think it 's funny that there is one character owned by both marvel and dc .
i think that would be a great idea . i think it 's funny that marvel tried to sell the rights to the big marvel characters in the 90s .
i think that was a great idea , i think they should do that , i think they should have bought some comics like that ,
i think that was a great idea . i think it 's funny that marvel tried to ban the x - men toys .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that the deadpool 2 was the highest grossing r rated movie of all time .
i think it 's funny that deadpool described himself as the director of the movie , ryan reynolds , and the director of the movie , and the director of the movie , ryan reynolds , and the director of the movie .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's funny that deadpool is the first superhero to be shot with a flame thrower on the car .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that the simpsons sent flowers to the south park producers .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that the deadpool 2 is the best selling superhero of all time .
i think that is a great movie . i think it 's a great movie .
i think they are trying to make a movie about the characters and the characters .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
i think it 's crazy that shawarma sales increased in the sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales and now
i do n't know . i do know that the movie caused a notable increase in shawarma sales .
i think it was the first movie ever to be shot entirely with digital imax cameras
i think it 's because of the fact that the avengers : infinity war is the best selling actor in the world .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't really have a favorite team .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't know much about baseball .
i do nt know , i do nt know why they wear them , i do nt know why they wear them though
i think it is , i think it is a great idea , 2430 games a year is a lot more than that
i did n't know that either . i wonder if they ever played baseball games .
i did nt know that , i wonder if they have a lot of balls , do you know who the albuquerque isotopes are ?
yeah , i think it was the isotopes . i think it was the isotopes .
yeah , i think they are called the " tall blacks " .
i think that would be a fun name for a team .
yeah , i think that is a great name . i think it is funny that the inventor of basketball was a losing coach in the university of kansas 's history .
i do like basketball . do you ?
i do nt really follow sports much . i do nt follow the nfl much .
yeah , i guess it makes sense . did you know that volleyball and basketball were invented at the ymca ?
yeah , i think it was invented by james naismith , the inventor of basketball , is the only losing coach in the university of kansas history .
yeah , i guess the ymca is the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas history
yeah , i think he was the only losing coach in the history of the university of kansas history
i think he was the best player in the history of the game , he had a great career in the game
i did nt know that , i wonder if he ever got any royalties or something lol
i know right , he was the best player in the history of the game , i think he was the best player ever , he only had one 3 point score in his career
i think he was the best player ever . he was so dominant in his dunk .
you too !
i do n't follow the nfl much . i do n't follow the nfl much . i do know that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i do n't really have a favorite team , but i do like the patriots .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the first nfl playoff game in the 80 's ?
i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i think it was a great game , i had a great game , i had a great game , i had a great game as well as well as well as well .
yeah , i think it was a great game . i think it was a great game .
yeah , i think that would be a good idea .
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and inside the footballs to track velocity , rotation , ball speed , and location .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i think it would be cool to see a female player in the nfl .
i think that would be a good idea . i would rather be an engineer though .
i think that would be a good idea . i would like to see a woman play in the nfl .
yeah , i think that would be a good idea . i would like to see the author of game of thrones called the lannisters of the nfl .
i do n't know much about him . i know that the browns last playoff win was in 1995 against the patriots .
yeah , i think that is a good point . do you know who the author of game of thrones is ?
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
yeah , he is a great coach . he is the winningest coach in postseason with 21 wins
yeah , i think he is a great coach , he is the best qb in the nfl , he is the best qb in the nfl
yeah , he is a great coach . he is the winningest coach in postseason with 21 wins .
yeah , i think he was a great coach .
yeah , i think that would be a fun idea to watch .
i do n't really have a favorite team . i do like the pistons though .
i do n't really know much about the nba . i do know that the granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line .
yeah , i think it was the best way to get a shot .
i think it was back in the day . i think it was a great deal .
yeah , i think that was a great deal . i wonder if they still pay the fine each game .
i think that was a great marketing move . i wonder if they still have a lot of air jordans .
i know right ! i wonder if he ever got any endorsement deals like cheryl miller ?
i think he was a great player . i think he had a great career in the nba .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a waste of time .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great thing to do . i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he has been number 1 overall overall overall overall in the last 20 years .
i think he is a great player . he has been number 1 overall overall overall overall in the last 20 years .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a good team .
i think they are the best . i think they have a great team .
yeah , they were booked for an arena .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a jazz orchestra in pakistan ?
i do n't know much about jazz . i do know that jazz trumpeters grew goatees because it provided comfort when playing .
i think jazz is a great genre . i think it has grown a lot since the 1940 's .
yeah , i heard he is a pianist .
i have not . i have been to vegas and i have been to vegas .
i think it was a great show . i think it was a great show .
yeah , i think it 's funny that she was a woman .
yeah it was . it was nice chatting with you
i have not . i have not read it . i have not read it .
i have not . i have not . i have not read it .
i have not . i have not seen it .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . it was good .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have not read it . i have not read it .
yeah , i guess that makes sense . do you like snakes ?
yeah , i think that was a great gesture . i think it 's funny that she wrote a book about a woman who was a woman .
i think it 's funny that she was a marine corps .
yeah , that is true . i wonder if she ever got to see a show in croatia .
i do n't know , but i know that he is the only one to do so .
i do n't know , but i know that she is a very famous singer .
i do n't know , i do n't know . i do know that she is the highest paid celebrity .
i think she is a great performer . she is a great performer .
i do n't know , but i know there are some snakes in australia that have fear of snakes .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen her in a horror movie .
i think it would be a pain to be a snake .
i have not been there but i have been there once . i have been there a few times .
i have not . i have been to new zealand and have a bunch of snakes there .
i have not been there but i have been there once . i have been there a few times .
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder how many people rely on google ?
i do n't know if i have ever used it . i do know that google maps tailors its maps to the claims of each country where the internet browser is located .
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if they have a lot of info on the internet .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's crazy that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon .
i think google is a great company . a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and 11 other astronauts to the moon .
i think that is a great idea . a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and 11 other astronauts to the moon .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have goats like google used goats to mow their lawn
i think that would be a great idea , i would love to visit the goats , i wonder if they have goats like google goats
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that google maps tailors its maps to the claims of each country where the internet browser is located .
i think it 's crazy that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and 11 other astronauts to the moon
i think it 's crazy that google went down for 5 minutes in 2013
i think it 's crazy that google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 .
i think it was back in 1986 , i think it was back in 1986
i have . i have n't been to the moon but i have n't .
i have not . i have been to a few times . i have been to a lot of black and white pilgrims .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon .
yes i have . do you know how they tell if you need your clothes tailored ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than i thought .
i wonder if they have a clothing line in alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage
i would love to go there . i would love to go to a store that sells clothes from unclaimed baggage .
i wonder if they have any good clothing there . rip curl makes clothes in north korea yet the label says made in china .
you too !
i do , i love snl , i love snl , how about you ?
i do , i love watching tv , i also like george carlin and alec baldwin
i do n't really watch much tv . i do n't watch much tv . i do like shark tank though .
i love the simpsons , i love the simpsons , there is an episode where bart does not appear
i do n't know if i 've ever seen the show . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i have not . i do n't have cable . i do n't have cable . i do n't have cable but i do n't have cable .
i do nt know if i have ever seen that episode . homer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes of the series .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever got into pokemon ?
i do n't know . i do know that there is only one episode of the simpsons without bart .
i do nt really like that show , i do nt like it , i do nt like it , i do nt like it , do you like it ?
i do nt really like snl , i do nt have cable but i do nt have cable anymore , i do nt have cable anymore , do you ?
i have not seen it but i have seen some episodes . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i do nt know , i do nt know why it is illegal to warm up your car in ohio , i do nt know why it is illegal to warm up your car in ohio
i did n't know that . i wonder why mcdonalds did that ?
i think that was back in 1975 , i wonder if they had a lot of cars back then
i know , that is a long time ago ! i wonder if the earths forests have been destroyed ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is because of the atmosphere and the atmosphere and the light ?
i wonder if that is true . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that 80 % of earths natural forest have been destroyed .
i think it 's interesting that earth is almost 4x as dense as the sun .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the aliens ever come up with aliens ?
i think i 've seen a few of those shows . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen any of the movies or movies or tv shows .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that there 's a pokemon game that has over 750 episodes of it .
i think i 've heard that before . i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen it .
i think i 've seen a few of those movies . i think it 's a great way to spend time on social media .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i do know that the us supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor .
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think it is crazy that there is 3 g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt . everest .
i think it is a good idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i do n't watch the simpsons , but i do n't watch the simpsons . i do n't really watch the simpsons though .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've seen it .
i do n't know . i do n't know . i do know that tom hanks is the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama .
i do n't know . i do n't know if it 's true .
i think so too . i think it 's funny that the simpsons have a lot of weird things .
i think it 's a great show . i think it 's funny that the simpsons sent flowers to the south park creators when they aired their family guy episode .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that netflix spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great show .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's a great movie . i think it 's a great movie .
i agree . i think it would be a great way to spend money on a free vacation .
i do n't have a subscription . i do n't have cable . i do n't have cable but i do n't have cable .
i do n't have a subscription , but i do n't have cable , i do n't have cable anymore .
i do n't have a subscription , but i do n't have netflix . i do n't have cable but i do like some of the shows .
i do n't have cable but i do n't have cable . i do n't have cable but i do like some of the newer stuff .
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they still have a dvd service or something .
yeah , i think that was a great idea . i wonder if they still have a dvd service .
i know right , i bet blockbuster regrets not buying netflix back in the day
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because of the late fees or something .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a late fee .
yeah , i think that was a great movie . i think it was a great movie .
yeah , i think he was mad about that . he was a great late fee .
i do . i love the old radio dramas .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got paid more than hugh laurie , who is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever got into the office ?
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i like the office , i think it 's funny that jon hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was ellie kemper , i think i have seen that before
i think i have read that before , i think it 's funny that jon hamm taught drama at his old high school , i think he was a great teacher
i think he was a great teacher . i think he was a great teacher .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
yeah same here , have a good one
i do , i use it a lot . it is the second largest search engine on the net .
i do ! i love youtube !
i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think it 's crazy that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i think it 's crazy that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i think it 's crazy that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i think it was a great idea , i think its a great idea , i love that video , its been great chatting with you today , i need to go watch some youtube now
i think it was a great idea , i think it was a great video , i think it was really popular back in the day
i think that is a great idea . i think it is funny that they had to upgrade their view count integer to 64 bits .
i know right , i wonder if they have a video of it , do you know who the three wealthiest presidents in the us are ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if she has any good music ?
i do n't know much about her . i do know that she removed her music from spotify because she said " music should not be free "
i did not know that . i wonder if she has any good music .
she is a country singer and a private jet . she is a very successful actress .
i think she has a lot of fans . she has a lot of fans .
i think he did a great job on snl . he was born in 1977 .
i wonder if she ever released any of her albums ?
i wonder if she ever released 8 seconds of white noise ?
i wonder if she accidentally released 8 seconds of white noise and it topped the canadian itunes charts
i think that is a great way to get people to work . i think kanye is a great performer .
you too ! have a good one !
i am a fan of sports .
i 'm a fan of the patriots , i 'm a fan of the patriots , what about you ?
i am a fan of the patriots . i am a fan of the patriots .
i did nt know that , i wonder if it is the only one in the nfl , there s a lot of interesting facts about the qb
i did nt know that , i wonder if it was because of the opposing team ,
yeah , i think he is a great player . he was a great halo 3 player .
yeah , i think that is a good point . baker mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full - time competitive gaming .
yes , i heard that . i wonder if it is because there is only one left handed qb in the nfl
yes he was good at halo 3 , he was a great halo 3 player and i think he was really good at halo 3
yeah he was a great qb and never played him , i wonder if he was really good at halo 3
yeah he was really good at halo 3 , he was a great halo 3 player
yeah and they never started him even though they never started him
i have not . i have n't played halo 3 yet .
i have not . i have n't played that game .
i used to play it as a kid , i had a lot of friends , i had one of those games , i had one of those games , i was a lot more than mario kart
yeah , i think it was back in the 60 's .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was because there is only one left handed qb in the nfl .
yeah , i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
you too !
you too !
i do n't own a pet . i do n't have a snake .
i do n't like snakes , but i do like them , they are so cool , i think they are really scary creatures
i have never been to ireland but i have been there . i have been there a few times .
i wonder if they have snakes there ?
i wonder if they have snakes in ireland or france , they are not snakes
i have not heard of that , what is it called ?
no , i have nt , i ve heard of them , they are really scary ,
i have not heard of that , what is it ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have eyelids and external ears ?
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they are afraid of snakes , they are not human
i do like them , i think they are really cool , i think they are really cool , i think they are really cool , what about you ?
i have not heard of access , but i have heard of it .
i think it 's because dc comics stands for detective comics , so i guess they are in the us
i think that is a great idea , i think its great that marvel created a superhero called blue ear , i wonder if they have any good movies
i have not . i have heard of access and i have n't read it .
i have not , i have heard of it , is it good ?
i think its a great idea , i like the movie batman , its a great movie , i like the movie batman and dc comics , its one of my favorite heroes
i think he was a great player , i think he was a great player , he was a great player , his a great hero
i have not . i have heard that the marvel cinematic universe takes place in the multiverse of the multiverse of the multiverse of the multiverse of the multiverse of the multiverse .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that marvel tried to ban a x - men toys because they are not human
i did , i thought it was really good . i did n't know that the black panther party was the richest super hero .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that . i thought it was the richest superhero .
i think it is a great movie . i think it is a great movie .
i think it is a great movie , i think it is a great movie , i like the movie black panther , i like the movie black panther , what about you ?
i think it is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that was a great movie , i think it was a great movie , i think its great that the director is a hero and he did a great job in the movie
yeah , i think he is the richest superhero .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i do like to watch movies . i like to watch movies .
i agree . i wonder if he ever got into chickens for entertainment ?
i did . i was sad when it came out . i was sad when it came out .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was the same as the original nintendo system .
i did too . it was a great system . i had a nintendo 64 , it was discontinued in 2003 in japan .
i did n't know that either . i wonder if it was the nintendo system that was discontinued in september of 2003 in japan .
i think it was a great system . i think it was a great system .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good actor .
i think he was a great president . i think he was a great president .
i think he was a great president . i wonder if he was any good ?
you too !
i do like horror films . i like horror films .
i do n't really like horror films . i do like stephen king .
i think it 's a horror movie . i think it 's funny that if you view abstract art , you will enjoy the art more .
i have not seen it . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that if you view abstract art , you will enjoy the art more .
i do nt know , i do nt like horror movies , i guess i can lose a lot of calories
i think that is a great movie , i think it is a great movie , i like the movie the shining , i think its a great movie , i like the movie the shinning , i think its a great movie
i have not . i do n't really like horror movies . i do like stephen king .
i do nt know , i guess bambi is a horror movie , i do nt know why bambi is a scary movie ,
i do nt like them , i do nt like them , i do nt like them , i do nt like them , do you ?
i do n't know , i do n't think i 've seen it . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he was a robot . i wonder if he was the king of england ?
i think that robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous
i have n't either , i wonder if they have a cat that can do that ?
i think that robots can be dangerous , but i think robots can be dangerous .
i have n't seen that one . i have n't seen the movie . i guess it 's good for the troops .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that robots can be controlled by rat brains .
i do n't know . robots can be controlled by rat brains .
robots can be controlled by rat brains , so they can be controlled by rat brains .
i agree . i think it 's funny that michael jackson planned to build a 50 foot robot to roam the desert .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they are able to do that ?
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if they are putting it in the water ?
i think robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous , robots can be dangerous
i think that would be a good idea . i wonder if the robot will be the next robot to do that ?
i think that would be a great idea . i wonder if the robot will be around for the next few years .
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if he ever had a robot ?
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the us postal service has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city 's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's funny that the us government donated $ 1 billion to help save the amazon rainforest .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's funny that the us passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva convention .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the government owns the 86 % of the land in nevada .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the us government owns 86 % of the land in nevada .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the government is in france or if they are in the same category as the one in france who impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was rich enough to be the wealthiest president ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's on the list of the richest presidents ?
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i wonder if he was rich enough to be president banana ?
i wonder if he was any good ? i wonder if he was rich or not .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he has any good pop albums like the president of indonesia who released 3 pop albums while in office .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he has any good albums . i wonder if he has any of the pop albums like the president of indonesia ?
i wonder if president banana of zimbabwe 's name is banana ?
i wonder if it is still in the white house ?
i think that is a great idea ! i wonder if teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house when he was president !
i wonder if he ever had solar panels installed on the white house ?
i think he was a great president . i wonder if he had solar panels put back on the white house ?
i think carter put them on , reagan took them off , and then ronald reagan took them off .
i do n't know , i do n't think they have a floppy disk or a floppy disk , i wonder if they have a floppy disk in the white house
i wonder if they have solar panels on the white house ?
i think solar panels are a great thing , i think it is a great idea .
i would love to have a photo taken at the white house . i would love to see it again .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got the money for that ?
i think it was back in the day . i think it was back in the day .
i wonder if they can pick up storms from jupiter on am radio .
i have not . i wonder if they have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound .
i wonder if they have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a lot of justin bieber 's music ?
i wonder how they figured out how to do that ?
i wonder if they have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound
i wonder how they figured out how to do that ?
i wonder if they were listening to the ventriloquist ?
you too ! have a good one !
you too !
you too !
i did not . i wonder if she was upset about it .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a fan of the simpsons ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a fan of his dad .
yeah , i think it was a great movie .
yeah , i think they are the most successful franchise in the world .
i do n't know . i do know that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i think george carlin and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine .
i think i 've seen that one before , i think it 's funny that there is only one episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned
i did n't know that ! i wonder if it 's because there 's an episode of the simpsons where bart does n't appear ?
i have not . i wonder if it is on netflix ?
i think it 's because it 's been on the air for so long . i wonder if it 's because it 's been on the air for so long .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen that episode .
i think i 've seen that episode . i think it 's funny that homer simpson is the best - known actor ever !
i do . i love cars . do you know why the trunk of the car is called that ?
i did not know that . i wonder why it is illegal to warm up your car in ohio ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's legal in south africa to equip flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking .
yes , the car is the best car ever .
yeah , i think it was the ford motor company , i think it was the ford model t
i did not know that . i wonder if he was a french explorer ?
yes after the founder of detroit , de la mothe cadillac
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he 's been in the league for a while .
i do n't watch much anymore . i do watch the superbowl .
i do n't really know much about him . i do know that he 's been playing for a while .
i do n't know , i do know that kellan moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl .
i think it 's interesting that the circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard , a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signals .
i did not know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was a good qb ?
i think he was a great player .
i think it is interesting that kellan moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl .
i think that is a great thing to do . baker mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full - time competitive gaming .
i wonder if that is the reason why there was a moral panic in the 18th century ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they were any good ?
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the world series was the first time i saw it .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a female kicker or something like that .
i think it would be cool if they met the requirements .
i think they would be allowed to play .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that would be a good idea .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's interesting that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay .
i know , right ? i wonder how many hours of commercials there are .
i do n't know much about it . i do know that the bbc once played piano instead of news .
i do n't know much about it . i do know that there was a piano that was played in italy .
i wonder if it is the same piano that exists ?
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever seen it . i think it 's cool that freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody that paul mccartney used to record hey jude .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was the same piano that was found on top of britain 's highest mountain .
i think it would be cool to play it . i wonder if it was the same piano that was found on top of britain 's highest mountain ?
i wonder if it was the same piano that was found on the hindenburg .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was the same piano that was found on the hindenburg .
i wonder if it was the same piano that was used for hey jude ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's true that there is a song composed solely composed solely for stress testing auto - pianos .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was a piano .
i wonder if they ever played in the ramones ?
i know , right ? i wonder if they ever had flamethrowers on their cars like they do in south africa ?
i wonder if they have a flame thrower attached to the back of the car in south africa ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a bad idea .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a good thing . i 'm sure it 's a waste of money .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it was a good show . i 'm sure it was a waste of money .
i think it was due to the success of the band . i think it was a great show .
i think it was in pompeii . pink floyd recorded a concert at an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience .
i have not been to south africa but i have heard it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking .
i like dramas . i like soap operas .
i like drama . i like the old school drama .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever got into acting in the uk ?
yeah , i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great teacher .
yeah . do you know why soap operas are called that ?
i do like him , he is a great actor and i like him a lot , he is a great actor
i love the office , i like the office , i like the truman show , he is so funny , i like him a lot
i think he is a great actor . i think he is a great actor .
i think he is a great actor , he has a great voice and also has a great voice
i think it 's crazy how much judge judy makes per episode .
i do n't know , i do know that jenna marble makes $ 300k per year from her channel .
yeah , i think she makes a lot of money .
i think she makes a lot of money , i wonder if she makes more than her .
i do n't know , i wonder if it is the secret room that is visited often by celebrities
i wonder if she has any good movies ?
i wonder if he has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities
i think he was a great player , he got banned from facebook just because he was a justin bieber video
you too !
you too , have a good one !
you too !
yeah , i wonder why that is ?
that is crazy , i wonder how they do that ?
i wonder how they do that . i wonder if they have a lot of water .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it was a computer that ran on water ?
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because it 's a biohazard .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it would be a good idea . i would like to know more about the transhumanists who want to upload their minds to computers .
i think it would be a good idea . i would like to know more about the brain .
i think it would be a good idea . i would like to know what they are doing .
i think he has a phd in astrophysics .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever played the guitar solo for the movie beat it ?
he also uses coins as guitar picks .
he also has a phd in astrophysics .
i think he is a great guitarist . he has a phd in astrophysics .
i think he is a great guitarist . he also has a phd in astrophysics .
he is a guitarist . he has a phd in astrophysics .
i do n't know . i do know that eddie van halen recorded the guitar solo for michael jackson 's " beat it "
i agree . i think he has a great sound . he has a great sound .
i agree . i think he is a great musician .
you too !
i do n't know if i 've ever heard of him . i do know that he is a dominant player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives .
i have not . i have heard of it . i have n't heard of it .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's great that the dogs can do that .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is great that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is great that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives .
i think that dogs are color blind but they can see colors .
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a dog that is true ?
i think that is very interesting . i wonder if they have a dog that is true .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they ever had a dog .
i wonder if they have a different sense of humor . kickball is also called soccer - baseball in canada .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a different blood types like dogs .
i think it 's funny that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think it is really cool that baseball is super popular in japan .
i think it 's because mark zuckerberg is red - green colorblind .
i 'm not sure , i wonder if myspace regrets not buying facebook back in 2005
i 'm doing well . how are you ?
i 'm doing great ! are you a fan of swimming ?
i think that is a great thing to do . i think it is a great thing to do .
i think i have heard that before . i think it 's funny that there is a type of swimming where the athlete 's hands and legs are bound and swims like a dolphin .
i have never been to cornell university before , but i have never been to cornell university .
i think it is a great thing to do . i think it is a great thing to do .
i think that is very cool . i wonder if they have swimming in the water ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have swimming in the us as well .
i think that is very impressive . i think it 's crazy that the us has more gold medals than the rest of the world combined .
i think that is very cool . i think it 's crazy that the us has more gold medals than the rest of the world combined .
i think that is a great thing to do . i think it is very good that the olympics banned it .
i think it was invented in 1975 .
i think that 's a great idea . i wonder if the trunk of the car got its name because older cars had wooden trunks in them .
i think it was because soldiers were n't allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues .
i think it was in the us . i think it was in the us .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if it is legal in south africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if the world record holder anne jones can read 4,700 words per minute .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that cs lewis and tolkien held " you laugh you lose " competitions when reading terrible poetry .
i think i 've read the book . i 've read the book starship troopers .
you too !
you too !
i 'm doing well , thanks . i 'm going to go watch some football games now . have a good day !
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure it 's a lot more than the average nfl game .
yes , i agree . i think it 's crazy that the browns had a bad season this past season .
yes , i agree . i think it 's funny that the nfl has no written rule against female players .
i am a fan of the patriots , i think they are a great team , i think they are a great team ,
i think they are a great team , they are a great team , i like the team , they are a great team ,
yeah , i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the city of iowa has a lot of fans .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the saints have a rule against the players .
i think it 's because the nfl is a very violent sport .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the police have a rule that prohibits " tween " .
i think it 's crazy that the browns had a bad season in the past .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's funny that the nfl has a chip in the shoulder pads and the players to track their every move .
yeah , i think it 's crazy that the browns had a bad season in the past .
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb and also a great qb , he is a great qb
i did n't know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i think it is , i think it is a great sport , i think its great how the qb can always tell the ball a little bit more about the qb
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he has been around for a while
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
yes , he is a great player .
yes , he is a great qb .
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player
i have not . i have n't been to vegas .
i have n't . i 've been to vegas twice before . i 've been to vegas and las vegas .
i have n't , i have n't played the playstation , have you ?
i do n't know , i do n't like horror movies , but i do like the movie the shining , i guess it 's a good exercise for a horror movie
i think it 's a horror movie . i think it 's funny that the exorcist thought it was a horror movie .
i do n't really like horror movies . i do n't like stephen king , but i do like the movie bambi .
i have not seen it but i have seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not seen it , but i have seen it . i guess it was a horror movie .
i have not seen it . i wonder if it was any good ?
i think that is a really scary movie . i wonder if he was scared when he saw it .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a horror movie ?
i think i 've heard that before , i wonder if it 's because of the fact that watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories
i have not . i have not seen it .
i think that is a good idea . i think it 's a horror film .
no , i have n't . i have n't . i have n't heard of it .
i have not . i have heard that the majority of creepy noises in sci - fi and horror movies are made by an instrument called a waterphone .
i have not . what is it ?
yeah i think it is called the waterphone that makes the sound of the instrument that makes the sound of the instrument that makes the sound of the instrument that makes the sound of the instrument
i have not . i have n't heard of it . i have n't heard of it .
i have not . i have not played the violin . i have n't played the violin in it .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if trump is on that list ?
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure jfk was one of the wealthiest presidents .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think that would be a good idea , i think it would be a good idea , i wonder if the president of zimbabwe was called president banana
i think that would be a good idea , i would be upset if the president released 3 pop albums while in office
i did n't know that ! i wonder if trump is any good ?
i think he would be the best president of zimbabwe , he was the first president of zimbabwe
haha ya i would be so mad if i had to say that , i do n't think i 've seen it , what do you think about the president of indonesia by the way ? i think he 's a great singer
haha ya i agree , i do n't like the president of zimbabwe , i guess he was called president banana , i wonder if he ever got a nickname like the president of zimbabwe
haha ya i agree , i think it 's crazy that the senate used the same gavel for 165 years until richard nixon cracked it
i think it 's funny that richard nixon cracked a 165 year old gavel for 165 years .
i did n't know that ! i wonder if they have a lot of good ideas .
haha ya i do n't know , i do n't know why they stopped using the same gavel for 165 years until nixon cracked it
haha ya i do n't know , i do n't know that women were n't allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993
haha ya that is wild , i wonder if they ever had a female player , i guess they were n't allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993
haha ya that is wild , i wonder if women ever wear pants on the us senate floor , they were n't allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993
haha that is funny , i wonder if they have a candy desk at the senate entrance
haha that is funny , i wonder if they have a candy desk there , i wonder if they have a candy desk there
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a candy desk there ?
i think that 's a good idea , i wonder if they have solar panels on the white house ?
i 'm doing well . how are you ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they wore black for special occasions .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they wore black for special occasions ?
i did not know that . i wonder if they have any clothes tailored or if they are tailored or not .
yeah i think that is true . do you know how the drive thru came about ?
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that pilgrims only wore black and white .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a clothing line .
i think that shoes are very useful for people . i think it 's funny that shoes can be used for fashion .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have any good shoes .
i think that 's a good idea . i wonder if they have shoe collection in the shoes .
i think it 's cool that ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i think it would be a fun way to make it to the house .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think that 's a good idea . i do n't think i 've ever seen a sumo match .
i do n't shop at amazon . i do n't have a kindle .
i do n't know . i do know that amazon has a contract with amazon to deliver on sundays .
yeah . do you shop on amazon ?
i did n't know that either . i did n't know that amazon owns imdb , i wonder if it 's because they have owned imdb since 1998
you too !
you too , have a good one !
i do n't really like it . i do n't like it .
i think i 've heard of that before . i think it 's funny that jon hamm taught drama at his old high school .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great show .
i think he was in the movie too . i think he was a great actor .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the girls ?
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i do n't know , i do n't think he has a patent on a device that he used to do the extreme lean in some of his dance moves .
i do n't know much about him . i know tupac danced ballet in high school .
i think he was a great dancer . he was a great dancer .
i think he was a great dancer . i think he had a patent on that device .
i think he was a great dancer . i think he had a patent on that device .
i think it 's a great idea . i wonder if ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i think he was a great performer . i think he was a great performer .
i do n't know , i do n't think he 's a good person .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the russians made a computer that runs on water .
i think it 's crazy that someone built a computer using nothing but basic minecraft building blocks .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's true that the space shuttle 's general purpose computer runs on 1 mb of ram .
i know , right ?
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think it would be a great idea , i would like to see the movie the shining , i think it would be cool to see it in the movie
you too !
you too !
you too !
i think it 's interesting that the ancient athenians used the radio to make a radio out of a pencil and a razor blade .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it was a good idea .
i have not . i have not seen it . i have n't seen it .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the u.s . senate has a lot of evidence of life .
i think it 's crazy that the u.s . has been around for over 30 years .
i think it 's interesting that the us has a lot of species that have been domesticated in the past .
i 'm not sure , but i think it 's crazy that astronomers detected building blocks of life in a planet 455 light years away .
i think that is a great idea , i think we should learn more about the universe , there is a theory that the universe is one giant superhologram
i think that is a great theory , i think its a great idea , there s a theory that there is only one electron in the universe
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a great idea .
i think that is a great idea , i think there is a lot of theories about the universe and the universe , there is a theory that the universe is one big superhologram
i think that is a great idea , i think there is a lot of theories about the universe and the universe , there is a lot of theories about the universe
i think that is a good question . i do n't know if i have ever heard of that theory .
i think that is a good point , i think there is a lot of theories about the universe and the universe , there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe
i think that s a great idea , i wonder if there s a theory about the universe that s a possibility , there s also a cold spot in the universe , there s also a cold spot in the universe
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if there are stars in the universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
i think that is a good question . i do n't know . i do know that there are stars that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .
yes , i agree . it 's been nice chatting with you as well .
you too !
i do n't play much anymore . i do n't play games anymore . i do n't play games anymore .
i do n't know , but i know that a lot of people play video games as a kid .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if tom hanks brother 's brother does woody 's voice in video games ?
i 'm sure he does . i wonder if he 's in the toy story video game ?
i 'm sure he does . i wonder if he 's in the military ?
i agree . i wonder if the kids are under the law ?
i think it 's crazy that venus does n't tilt so it does n't have any seasons .
i did not know that . i wonder why ?
yeah , i think it 's interesting that uranus rolls around the sun rather than spinning on its side .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a different spin on the planet , i wonder if it is because of the size of the planets
i think it would be a planet if it orbited the sun .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if we 'll ever see a planet that has shards of glass traveling sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree fahrenheit weather .
i know right ! i wonder if we 'll ever see a planet that has life in our lifetime ?
i think that is a great idea . i think we should go back to the planet and see it all .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a lot of secret room for celebrities .
i do n't know . i do know that carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street .
i do n't know . i do n't know if i 've seen the trailer . i do n't know if i 've seen it . i do know that robin williams was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films .
i think he was a great actor . i think he was a great actor .
i wonder if he ever visited pixar secret room that is often visited by celebrities .
i do n't know , i wonder if robin williams ever visited the secret pixar secret room , i wonder if he ever visited that secret room
ya i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode , i wonder if she makes more than judge judy
you too !
i do like to dance . i think it 's cool that michael jackson has a patent on a device that he used to do the extreme lean in his dance moves
i did not know that tupac danced ballet in high school .
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever had a patent on that device ?
i like bruce lee , he was a great dancer .
i think i have heard that before , i wonder if he ever had a dance championship ?
i think he was a great dancer . i think he was a great dancer .
i 'm not sure . i know ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i did n't know that . i wonder if anyone ever tried to do that ?
i do n't know much about him . i do know that he is a great dancer .
i like the nfl , i like the nfl , what about you ?
i like the patriots , i think they are the best , what about you ?
i think he was a great qb . he was a great qb .
i think he was a great qb . he was a great qb . he had a great career .
i think he was a smart qb , he was a great qb and really smart , he got his ba in 2 years
he was a great student and a great student . he had a great career in college .
i think he is a great qb , he is a great qb and also a great qb , he is the best qb in the nfl
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if there 's a reason why there 's no rule against female players .
i think that is a great idea . i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's cool that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think they are putting tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a player 's moves on the field .
i 'm doing great . do you like basketball ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got royalties or something .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think that is a great deal . i think it 's crazy that allen iverson signed a lifetime contract with reebok in 2001 that would pay him $ 800,000 a year until he reaches age 55 and then a lump sum of $ 32,000,000 .
i think that is a great idea , i think it is funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line
i 'm sure he 's not on the list of the wealthiest presidents in history of the us history .
i 'm sure he is , but i 'm sure he 's on the list of the wealthiest presidents in history .
i think he 's a very wealthy president .
i think he was called president banana .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he was a president or a president .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if it 's because of the fact that the president 's guest house is larger than the white house .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if the guest house is larger than the white house .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if trump is in the list of the wealthiest presidents ?
i think he would be a good president . he could release a pop album like the president of indonesia .
i think he was a great president . i wonder if he was a president ?
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he 's a great player . i think he 's a great player .
i think that is a good idea . i think that is a good idea .
i think he is a great example of a lot of his work .
i agree . i think it 's a great idea .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was because of the fact that the senate is the only one to have a guest house .
i did not know that . i wonder if it was a good thing or not .
i 'm not sure . i do n't know if i 've ever seen it .
i think he was , i wonder if he was rich or not , i wonder if he was rich or not , maybe he was a wealthy president
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if trump is one of the top three wealthiest presidents in us history
i think that is a great question . i wonder if trump is one of the top three wealthiest presidents in us history ?
i think he would be the best president ever .
haha ya i would like to see trump do that , i think he would be the best president of all time , i think he 'd be the best president ever , what do you think about the president of indonesia by the way ?
i would love to hear that ! i would love to see a pop album like the president of indonesia !
i think that would be a good idea , i think we would have a lot more drama in the us , what do you think about the runner up becoming the vice president ?
i think that would be a good idea , i think she would be the best if she did that
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be a good idea .
ya i think that is wild , i do n't know how that would be possible , i do n't know if i could read that fast , i do n't know if i could read that fast , i do n't know if i could read that much , i do n't think i could read that much haha
i think i have read a lot of books in the past , but i do n't think i 've ever read the book .
i agree ! i think it 's crazy that george r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. r. martin was a children 's monster .
i think i 've read the book , but i 've never read it . i 've read the book starship troopers .
i have n't read the book . i have n't read it .
i think it 's a good movie . i think it 's a good movie .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they were used to make a hat in the house of commons until 1998 .
i think that is a great idea ! i think it 's funny that the british used to wear hats in the old west .
i think that is a great hat , i wonder if they have any hats in the old west ?
i think it 's funny that the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat , not the cowboy hat
i think it 's funny that the knights used to raise their face visors to show friendliness .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the new zealand shark is a dog company .
i do n't know much about snakes . i do know that there are none in ireland that have a snake .
i have a corn snake , but i have not been there . i have been there a few times .
i think snakes are a great example of the fear of snakes .
i think that snakes are a snake , but i do n't think they are venomous .
i would love to see a dog play in the water .
i think it 's funny that crocodiles are more closely related to birds than snakes .
i think it 's pretty cool that ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week .
i think he was a great dancer . he won the hong kong cha - cha championship in 1958 .
i think he was a great dancer . he was a great dancer .
i agree . babies are so innocent . babies are so innocent . babies are so innocent .
i think he was a great rapper . i think he was a great rapper .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he went through 4 pairs of shoes a week .
i know , i wonder if he went through 4 pairs of shoes a week .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i did not know that . i wonder if google is still around .
i think it 's crazy that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .
i think it 's a great service . i think it 's funny that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet .
i do . i love youtube . i love youtube .
yes , i do . i love youtube . i love youtube . i love youtube .
i do n't know , but i do know that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime .
i think it 's funny that justin bieber 's " baby " is the most disliked video on youtube .
i think it would be cool to see a female player in the nfl . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a roster .
i did not know that . i wonder if it will ever happen .
i think that is a very silly rule . i think it 's a silly rule .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's a good idea .
i 'm not sure . i think it 's interesting that the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i agree . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
i know right ! i wonder how they do that . i wonder if it 's used in horror movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies or movies ?
i think that would be cool . i wonder if they would have a female player in the nfl ?
i have not . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it . i have n't seen it .
i did n't know that either . i guess it 's a movie that was a horror movie .
i think it was a great movie . i think it was a great movie . i think it was a really good movie .
i think that is a good idea . i wonder if the original actor who played danny did n't know he was acting in a horror movie until years later .
i 'm not sure , but i guess it 's a good thing that watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories
i wonder if that 's true . i 've heard that watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories .
i know , i would n't be able to burn that many calories .
i think that is a great position , i think it is a great position , i think its great how the qb can be a qb
yeah , he was a great qb , he had a great qb , he had a great qb , he had a great qb
i think it is , i think it is a great idea , i think its great how the redskins have a great qb
yeah , i think that is true . i think it 's crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
yeah , that is true . nice chat
i agree . i think it 's crazy that new orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already eating at a restaurant and any nfl player comes in they have to leave .
i think that is a great idea . i think they should use that data to track velocity and rotation and such .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have tracking chips in their shoulder pads ?
i think they are using them to track velocity and rotation and such .
i think that is great ! i wonder if they have tracking chips in the players shoulder pads ?
i think that is a great idea . matt patricia is a rocket scientist .
i think he is a smart qb , he is a great qb , he is a great qb and also a great qb
i think he is a great qb , he is a great player and also a great coach , he is a great coach
yeah , he is a qb for the patriots .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if he 's a rocket scientist .
i 'm sure he does . i 'm sure he 's a great engineer .
i think that is a good point . i think it 's crazy that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player .
i think that would be a great idea . i wonder if they would have a female player in the nfl ?
i think they would be allowed to play in the nfl , but i think they would be allowed to play .
i think that would be a good idea . i think it would be cool if a female player did make a pro roster .
i think it would be cool to see a woman play in the nfl .
you too !
you too !
you too !
i think he was a great player . he was a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player
i do n't really watch much tv , but i do like watching the world cup .
yeah , he was a great player . he was a great player .
yeah , i think he is a great player , he has a great team , he is a great player , he has a great team , he is a great player and also a great player
i do n't know , i do n't know if he 's a good player , but i do know that he 's a great player .
i think he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player , he was a great player and also a great player
yeah , he is a great player . he is a great player .
yeah , i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . i think he is a great player .
i agree , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player and also a great player , he is a great player
i do like to travel , i love to travel , i love to travel , what about you ?
i would love to travel to mackinac island . they banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years .
i have not been but i have been there . i have been there twice in the last few years .
i have not been but i have been there . i have been there twice , i would love to visit japan .
i would love to travel to japan , i would love to visit one of those places
i would love to travel around the world . i would love to travel around the world .
i wonder if they have a video of that ?
yeah i think that s a great idea , i wonder if its a good thing its illegal for kids under 16 to play video games
i do like basketball . i 'm a fan of the nba .
i do nt really watch it , i do nt really like it , i do nt like it , i do nt like it , do you like it ?
i think he is a great player , he is a great player , he is a great player , he has a great heart
ya i agree , i think it 's crazy that allen iverson signed a lifetime contract with reebok that would pay him $ 800,000 a year until he reaches age 55 and then a lump sum of 32 million
i agree , i think he did a great job , he got a degree in college and then got his degree
i agree , he is a great player , he has a great heart , he is a great player , he has a great heart
ya i think that s crazy , i wonder how much air jordans got by the way , i guess they were banned by the nba but nike just paid the fine so jordan could keep wearing them
ya i do n't know , i do know that granny style is the best way to score points on the line , i think it 's funny that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points on the line
i do n't know , i do know that the air jordans were banned by the nba but nike just paid the fine so jordan could keep wearing them
i think that was a great marketing tactic , i think they were banned by the nba but nike just paid the fine so they could keep wearing them lol
ya i agree , i think it 's crazy that tim duncan stayed in college for 4 years instead of going right to the nba
ya i agree , i think reebok is making a lot of money by making 800,000 a year until he is 55 , that is a lot of money
yeah , i think that was a smart move , i think he was a great player , i think he had a great deal , i wonder if he still wears them
ya i agree , i think judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode , that is crazy
ya i agree , i think it 's crazy that judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode , i wonder how much she makes per episode
i do n't know , i do know that carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on sesame street
ya i do n't know , i do n't know , i do know that pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities , i wonder if they have a secret room
ya i do n't know , i do know that robin williams started the trend of celebrities doing voices in animated films
i think he was the voice of the genie in aladdin , i think he was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities doing voices in animated films
i think he was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films
ya i agree , i think he was the voice of the genie in alladin , i wonder if he ever got the start of the trend of celebrities doing voices
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't have a favorite .
i do n't really watch it , but i do like the patriots . i 'm a fan of the patriots and i 'm a fan of the patriots .
i do n't really have a favorite . i do n't know much about snoop dogg though . he wrote a fight song for his sons high school football team .
i think that is pretty cool . i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team .
i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the other team
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is for the other team or just a reason ?
i did not know that . i wonder if it is for the visiting teams or just the other team or just the other team or just the other team or just the other team ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the other team
i 'm not sure . i wonder if they have a lot of money for those types of football like the american football and rugby .
i 'm not sure . i do know that there is a fantasy congress league that has a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee .
i think it 's crazy that the flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $ 50k to make
that is crazy ! i wonder if they ever have a mercy rule like that .
i do n't know , i do know that the highest paid football player in the world is 222 - 0
yeah it was georgia tech beating cumberland 222 - 0
yeah , i think it was back in 1995 .
yeah , i think he was a great player . do you know who benjarvus green - ellis is ?
i think he is a great player . he is a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great player . he is a great player .
yeah , he is a great player . he is a rocket scientist .
wow that is a lot of time wasted on a game , i wonder if he is still playing at the end of the season
yeah . do you know who the scientist for the movie is ?
i do , i love the radio , what about you ?
i do n't listen to canadian radio much . i do n't listen to canadian radio much .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if they have a lot of justin bieber songs ?
i think i heard about that before , i wonder what they sound like ?
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have a radio station that plays the ventriloquist ?
i think it was called foxhole radios . i wonder if they were able to make radios out of razor blades and pencils ?
i wonder if bill murray ever played the voice of the human torch in the 70 's show ?
i wonder if they were able to pick up jupiter 's radio storms on jupiter
i think i heard about that before , i wonder if they were listening to hanson ?
i think hanson is a great band . i think it 's funny that canadian law requires 40 % of the music played be canadian .
haha that 's funny ! i wonder if the ventriloquist was the band that was the most listened to rush hour radio show ?
i know right ! i wonder if there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free .
i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure . i know the telephone was invented by an undertaker who was an undertaker who was convinced telephone operators were rerouting his calls to rival businesses .
i think it was because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone .
i think it 's crazy that hedy lamarr helped invent the cellphone , she was the voice of the 1930s
that is crazy ! i wonder how much computing power the iphone has ?
that is crazy , i wonder how much those bars are worth ?
yes , it is ! have a great day !
you too !
you too !
i do . i do n't have cable but i do watch it .
i do n't watch much tv . i do watch south park and family guy .
i do n't watch much tv . i do watch a lot of tv .
i have not seen that episode . i do n't think i 've seen it .
i have not seen that episode . i wonder if it is on netflix ?
that is a lot of episodes . i wonder if they ever had a lot of episodes .
that is a lot of pokemon !
that is a lot of pokemon !
that is a lot of pokemon !
i used to love that show , i think it was a great show , i liked it , i liked it a lot as a kid
i think it was a great show , i think it was a great show , i think its a great show , i love the show thomas the tank engine , i think its great that ringo starr and alec baldwin have narrated thomas the tank engine
i think i have read that before , i think it was a great show , i think i have seen it before , i think it was really funny
i think i have read that before , i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
i think it would be a great show , i think it would be cool to watch thomas the tank engine , i think it would be cool to watch
i think he was a great guy . i think he was a great comedian .
yeah . did you know the president of indonesia is a pop star ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he was any good ?
i did not know that . i wonder if he ever visited the white house guest house .
i wonder if he ever visited the white house ?
same here , have a good one
i do n't know much about the nfl , but i know they are using tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field .
i think that would be a great idea , i think it would be cool to see a female player in the nfl , i wonder if they have a female player
i think that would be a great idea , i think they should use that data to make the game safer and reduce concussions
i think that would be a great idea , i would like to see a female player in the nfl , i wonder if they have a female kicker
i think it 's because they have longer careers than the players .
i think it 's because of the fact that an engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime
i think it is because of the brain and the brain damage it is , i think it is a great brain and a great player
yeah , i guess that makes sense . did you hear about the rule for the new orleans cheerleaders ?
yeah , i think that is a very outdated rule . i wonder if the shark has ever been around for the past ?
i think that is a good point . i think it 's funny that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play .
yeah , i guess that makes sense . do you watch youtube ?
i do , i love youtube , its crazy how youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet
i think it is , i think it is a great idea , you can learn a lot from the site , its a great site with a lot of interesting facts
i do n't know , i do n't like youtube , but i do know that they have a lot of interesting videos , i wonder if they have a youtube video of youtube videos
i do nt know , i do nt like youtube , i m a fan of google , its a great site with a lot of interesting facts
i do n't know , i do n't know why they had to upgrade the market , i do n't know if i would like it , i do n't know if i would have guessed it though
i think it 's crazy that youtube started as a dating site .
i think it 's a great idea , i wonder if they have videos of videos like that , i wonder if they have videos of it on youtube
i think it would be a good idea . i wonder if there are other types of videos of videos of the 70 's show that have been viewed in a lot of joy .
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they have a good relationship with youtube , they make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's interesting that there is a cold spot in the universe that turns out to be a hologram .
i think that is a great idea . i think we should go to a parallel universe .
i think that is a great idea . i think that the universe is a big superhologram .
i think that is a good idea . i think there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem .
i do n't know , i do n't know if i 've ever heard of him before . i 'm more of a fan of rap , but i do like some of the earliest stuff from the 90 's .
i think it is cool that tupac shakur 's music is in the library of congress for cultural significance .
i agree . i think it 's cool that tupac shakur 's music is in the library of congress for cultural significance .
i think he was a great rapper . i think he had a great sense of humor .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever went to the rugrats movie ?
yeah , i think rap is a very popular genre .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he would have been better off being the judge .
i 'm not sure . i 'm sure he 's a fan of his music . he 's a great rapper .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think it would be a very different sport .
i think it was because of kareem abdul jabbar . he was so dominant in college that they banned the dunk .
i think that is a very interesting fact . in 39 out of 50 states , the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach .
i think it was because of the ymca .
i know right ! i wonder if he ever got the dunk banned from college basketball ?
i do n't really watch basketball , but i do know that the inventor of basketball was a coach at the university of kansas ' history .
i do n't really watch basketball , but i do like basketball , i think it 's funny that the new zealand basketball team is nicknamed the " tall blacks "
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because of the pay or something else ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if they ever play there ?
i 'm not sure , but i know that silence of the lambs came out on valentine 's day in 1991 and had a box office of over $ 270 million
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i agree , he is a great actor , he has a great voice in the movie , he is the highest all time box office star
i did n't know that . i wonder if he 's in the movie too ?
i have n't seen it but i have seen it . i 've seen it and it 's pretty good .
i love that show ! i love that show ! i love that show !
i love that show , i love that show , i love that show , i love that show , i love that show , i love that show , i love that show , i love that show , i love that show
i have not but i have seen some of the movies . i have n't been to a concert in a while .
i 've never been there but i have been to a few times . i 've been to a few times . i 've been to a few times .
i think that is a great idea , i think it 's cool that there is a mall in australia that uses classical music to deter crime
i think that 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's a great idea .
i think that 's a great idea . i think it 's cool that classical music has been around since 2011 .
i think it 's cool that it was recorded in 2011 .
i think it 's crazy that there 's a classical classical music villain named arthur lintgen , who can correctly identify a piece of classical music by analyzing the grooves on a vinyl record
i think it 's crazy that vinyl lps are still issued in vinyl records , vinyl records , and vinyl records , and even more than any other vinyl .
i would love to see that ! i would love to see it !
i think he is a great actor , i think he is a great performer , he is a great performer , he is a great performer
i think it 's a good idea . i think it 's a good idea .
i think it 's because of the director , it 's a shame that the director was able to make a movie about it .
i think it is a great show . i think it is a great show .
i did n't know that . i wonder if it 's because soccer is slang for association football ?
i think it 's because it 's slang for association football .
i think it 's a great sport . i think it 's interesting that a soccer player named didier drogba singlehandedly stopped a civil war in his country .
i think it is a great sport . i think it is a fun sport .
i 'm not sure . i wonder if greenland is still around there .
i think it 's crazy that there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart neither appears nor is mentioned .
i have not . i have n't been to a game in years . i have n't been to a game in years . i have n't been to a game in years . i have n't been to a game in years . i have been to a few games .
i do n't watch much tv , but i do watch the simpsons . i do n't watch much tv .
i do n't really watch the simpsons , but i do know that homer had over 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes of the series .
i think i 've heard that before . i wonder if it 's because there is only one episode where bart does n't appear and is not mentioned .
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever appeared in the episode of treehouse of horror xxi
i think i 've seen that episode . i think it 's funny that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each .
i think i have read that before , i think it 's interesting that ringo starr , george carlin , and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 times each
i think he was a great comedian . i think he was a great comedian .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have eyelids and external ears ?
i think it 's funny that there are legless lizards that can eat prey twice its size and ten times its weight .
i have not . i have been to australia and i have n't been to australia yet . i have been to australia and they are so interesting .
i did n't know that . i wonder if they have a snake ?
i have heard that . i do n't know if i have ever been to australia . i do n't know if i have ever been to australia . i do n't know if i have ever been there .
i think they are a dog company . i think they are a great mascot .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's funny that the red sox have a mascot for the city that is not in the us .
i do n't know much about poetry . i do know that there is a poem that when read backwards is depressing but when read backwards is inspiring .
i think that is a great idea , i think it is interesting that the vikings were named after the indian alphabet , that is pretty cool
i think i read that poem before , i think it 's pretty cool that edgar allan poe only received $ 9 for the raven
i think that is a great idea , i wonder if they ever read the poem that when read backwards is depressing , i wonder if it is true
i did nt know that , i wonder if demetri martin ever wrote a 224 palindrome poem , that s a great poem
i think that is a great idea ! i wonder if they have any of the old names of the hobbit characters names from an old icelandic poem ?
i did n't know that . i wonder if he ever got royalties from the poem chaos ?
i did n't know that either . i wonder if he ever got royalties from the poem the raven ?
that is a lot of money ! i wonder if he ever got royalties from the poem the raven ?
i think that is a great poem , i wonder if he ever wrote about it , demetri martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem
yeah , i heard he was a great comedian .
i have heard of that , i wonder if they are any good ?
i have heard of that , i wonder if it was any good ?
i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i think it was a great album , i love pink floyd , i love pink floyd , what about you ?
i think it 's cool that a deaf composer named anne jones can read 4,700 words per minute .
i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd . i love pink floyd .
i love pink floyd ! i love pink floyd !
i think it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
i think that is a great idea . korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called " compliment battle " .
i did . i did n't know busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the rugrats movie .
i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor . i think he 's a great actor .
i think he has done a lot of good things . he was born in 1977 .
i think he was a great player . i think he was a great player .
i think he is a great player . he is a great performer .
i think he is a great singer , he is a great performer , he has a great voice
i think he 's a great singer . he 's been in a minor key .
i think he is a great singer . he is a great performer .
i think he is a great artist . he has a lot of good songs .
i think he is a great performer . he is a great performer .
i think he is a great player . he also has a lot of good music .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he is a great rapper .
i think he is a great rapper . i think he is a great rapper .
i think he is a great player . he is a great performer . he has a great voice .
i think he is a great performer . he is a great performer .
i agree . he once said he did a skit on snl mocking himself for interrupting award shows .
i think he did a lot of snl for interrupting awards shows .
i think he was a great player . he was a great comedian .
i think he is a great actor . he has a lot of good ideas . he once gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert .
i think it is . i think it 's funny that linkin park 's " hybrid theory " is the best selling album of the 21st century .
i think it 's a great album . i think it 's funny that linkin park 's " hybrid theory " is the best selling album of the 21st century .
yes , it is . soccer is the most popular sport in the world .
i think that is very cool . jon stewart was a skilled soccer player in college .
yeah , i think it 's a great sport . i think it 's funny that soccer makes more money than football , basketball , baseball , golf , tennis , and hockey combined .
i agree . i think he is a great comedian .
i agree . i think it 's funny that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989 .
i like bill murray . he thinks kung fu hustle is " the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy " .
i think it 's a great movie . i like comedy .
i agree . i think it 's funny that 3rd rock from the sun beat out seinfeld , friends , and frasier .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the python programming language named it partly to honor british comedy group monty python .
i think that is a great idea . i think it 's funny that the python programming language was named after the british comedy group .
i think that is a great show , i think it has been around for a while now .
i agree . i think it 's sad that 80 % of the earths natural forest have been destroyed .
yeah , i think that is a good example of the fact that 80 % of the earths natural forest have been destroyed .
yes , i agree . i think it 's interesting that if earths entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period , humans only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds .
yes , i agree . i think it 's interesting that when earth was first formed , a day was only 5.5 hours long .
yeah , i think that is true . i think it 's funny that americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football .
i think that is a great idea . i wonder if they have aliens in the un .
yeah , i think it 's great that the us is not doing good for the us .
i think it 's a great idea . i think it 's sad that 80 % of earths natural forest have been destroyed .
i think that is a great idea . i think it is a very useful tool for us .